                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Jennifer Lost The War" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Jennifer Lost The War"    Jennifer lost the war today You'll find her burned and raped Through it all She must have wondered What have I done But nobody really cares today The world's a busy place Guess she must have realy sinned  I guess we're all just soldiers She was only six years old Left to die by strangers Her family waits And if we're all just soldiers Is it so wrong to be afraid  Phoebe lost the war today There must be some mistake Say it happens all the time And it's said and done Little Miss 15 65 Your soul remains unclaimed Guess you must have realy sinned  Morality won't help her When she lies silent in a morgue And all our sorrows left her But the morning headlines Even say that it's a shame What are we headin' for  Seen it all before Silent on the ground As he's walking away And I wonder how many more Everybody take it Like its nothing at all Jennifer lost the war                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Smashing Pumpkins - "Zero" My reflection, dirty mirror
There's no connection to myself
I'm your lover, I'm your zero
I'm the face in your dreams of glass
So save your prayers
For when we're really gonna need'em
Throw out ...  Bad Religion - "Punk Rock Song" have you been to the desert?
have you walked with the dead?
there's a hundred thousand children being killed for their bread

and the figures don't lie they speak of human disease
but we do what ...  Foo Fighters - "Times Like These" I, I'm a one way motorway
I'm the one that drives away, follows you back home
I, I'm a street light shining
I'm a white light blinding bright, burning off and on
Uh-huh

It's times like these you lear...  Zebrahead - "Check" Coming hard core looking like a gangster bitch
Trying to front like you ain't rolling filthy rich
Laguna Hills you were born and raised
But you're claiming South Central is where you spent your day...  Ignite - "Bleeding" To my country
The mounting costs
Our freedom's lost
The death of liberty

We live in a Kingdom of reigns
The dogs of war rule the day
The hypocrites roam in gangs
The truth is lost
It's wars ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Elders" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Elders"    When we younger There always seemed like some Some perfect mold That we're supposed to be But now we're growing up and I see it's just not that way Now I feel like someone's lied to me  Cause I've been true Made good for you And now I feel used I'm asking you How does it feel How does it feel How does it feel To be like you  Tell me now elders What were your reasons for Making it seem Like you were so much more If you want to feel good Because of our accomplishments Why the fuck Don't you just do it yourself  Cause I've tried Man I've tried While you all lied So now just tell me How does it feel How does it feel How does it feel To be like you  Look at all the families now Who don't talk and don't trust Because of the way That things have been done When will you finally learn To leave out the bullshit And just be straight with us                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Keith Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Stone Sour - "Through Glass" I'm looking at you through the glass
Don't know how much time has passed
Oh, god it feels like forever
But no one ever tells you
That forever feels like home
Sitting all alone inside your head 'Cause ...  Sugarcult - "Los Angeles" I want a girl, girl that won't talk back
And a job, job that gives me slack
And a car, car that won't break down
In the heat of Los Angeles
I want to go, go without a map
Far away, away, I won't ...  Tenacious D - "Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown)" Beelzeboss I am complete! Fuck! Yes you are fucked, shit out of luck
Now I'm complete and my cock you will suck
This world will be mine and you're first in line
You brought me the pick and now you sha...  MxPx - "Secret Weapon" You always had some trouble with authority
And that's the way that growing up's going supposed to be
But you can make it through, you gotta believe

You are your own secret weapon
It's all up to ...  Nirvana - "Blew" If you wouldn't mind I would like to blew
If you wouldn't mind I would like to lose
If you wouldn't care I would like to leave
If you wouldn't mind I would like to breathe

Is there another reason for...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Out On Patrol" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Out On Patrol"    Look at you soilder boy now With that big gun in your little hand As you patrol this foreign land Hear the mine that clicks beneath your feet  Now do you see the light Fading while your world is crumbling Out on patrol And all you can do is sit and stare What revelation have you now What culmination to your speck of life Your moment in time  As you sit here all alone Will your buddies come and save your life But as the enemy appears See your life flash before your eyes                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Monkey Wrench" What have we done with innocence?
It disappeared with time, it never made much sense
Adolescent resident
Wasting another night on planning my revenge

One in ten
One in ten
One in ten

Don't want to b...  Bad Religion - "You" There's a place where everyone can be happy
It's the most beautiful place in the whole fucking world
It's made of candy canes and planes
And bright red choo-choo trains
And the meanest little boys and...  MxPx - "Secret Weapon" You always had some trouble with authority
And that's the way that growing up's going supposed to be
But you can make it through, you gotta believe

You are your own secret weapon
It's all up to ...  Nirvana - "Lithium" I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends
They're in my head
I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you
We've broke our mirrors
Sunday morning, is every day for all I care
And I'm not scared
L...  Mudvayne - "Mutatis Mutandis" Soiled, soiled, soiled...

"...of ordinary, human brain chemistry."
"There is a suggestion there, that, uh
Manipulation of neural-humeral compounds
Brain neuro-transmitters, and that sort of thing
May...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Crossroads" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Crossroads"    Time has washed away And now I may wonder How did it all slip by Cause I always thought We had forever Future calls to me To take me away from things I don't want to leave behind Like I'm slipping away I can't hold on  Find that path alone Crossroads lead me away But that's not what worries me I just want to know what's home  Through it all My mind still wanders To the one who touched my soul Though her road leads away She's still my True love I could believe  Will is not enough when all those Lost days stand in the way But she was My hopes and dreams my Whole world I could believe  I still want to know Who can see for me Crossroads tell me  Now you'll have to trade Your past away And find another day So is change a friend or an enemy  Through what comes to pass I'll find my way I've seen it all before But is the best you can be The best thing to be Some people say You're just wasting time But that's not what worries me I just want to know what's home                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Rage Against The Machine - "Renegades Of Funk" No matter how hard you try, you can't stop us now
No matter how hard you try, you can't stop us now

We're the renegades of this atomic age
This atomic age of renegades
Renegades of this atomic age
Th...  Goldfinger - "Superman" So here I am
doing everything I can
holding on to what I am
pretending I'm a superman

I'm trying to keep
the ground on my feet
it seems the world's
falling down around me

The nights are al...  Foo Fighters - "Big Me" When I talk about it
Carries on
Reasons only knew
When I talk about it
Aries or treasons all renew

Big me to talk about it
I could stand to prove
If we can get around it
I know that it's true

Well I...  Bad Religion - "I Want To Conquer The World" Hey, Brother Christian, with your high and mighty errand.
Your actions speak so loud, I can't hear a word you're saying.
Hey, Sister Bleeding Heart, with all of your compassion.
Your labors soothe the...  Blink-182 - "I Miss You" Hello there,
The angel from my nightmare,
The shadow in the background of the morgue.
The unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.
We can live like Jack and Sally
If we want.

Where you can alwa...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Demons" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Demons"    Clouds pass over the moon Like an eye that shows impending doom Tension in this misty air Souls pass into the room Drawn in by a lost memory You will join them in the moonlight  You are my offering Your soul transcends The centuries of pain Your misery in life Is your ecstasy in death  Time passes like the wind As we race to beat days dusky grin Mornings just a moment away Your body glistens in candlelight As we all look on in fiendish delight The ritual is just beginning  Come full fill the prophecy With our demons of debauchery As virgins and spectres sing This madness will never cease  In the dead of night You will follow In the footsteps of many others Who have come before I will show you the altar Your aztec eyes, egyptian hair Your beauty bestoved upon my lair I've loved you before, in other lives But youUve never meant as much to me Never meant as much to me as now  In this night of sacrifice where blood is spilt That will never spill again But in your linen robes We want you now We want you now You could never ask for more than that  You are my offering Your soul transcends The centuries of pain Your misery in life Is your ecstasy in Come full fill the prophecy With our demons of debauchery This madness will never cease                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...  Alice In Chains - "Them Bones" Aaah! Aaah! Aaah! Aaah!

I believe them bones are me
Some say we're born into the grave

I feel so alone, gonna end up a
Big ole pile of them bones

Aaah! Aaah! Aaaaaaaaah!

Dust rise right on over my...  NOFX - "Linoleum" Possessions never meant anything to me
I'm not crazy
Well that's not true, I've got a bed, and a guitar
And a dog named Bob who pisses on my floor
That's right, I've got a floor
So what, so what,...  Mudvayne - "Mutatis Mutandis" Soiled, soiled, soiled...

"...of ordinary, human brain chemistry."
"There is a suggestion there, that, uh
Manipulation of neural-humeral compounds
Brain neuro-transmitters, and that sort of thing
May...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Beheaded" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Beheaded"    Mommy doesn't have her head anymore Keep it underneath my bed on the floor That's alright though That's ok She never really used her head anyway  Daddy called me a silly bore Bet he wont say that anymore Because the way his body's severed in two His vocal chords are gonna be hard to use   [CHORUS] Beheaded Watch you spurt like a garden hose Beheaded Bloody mess all over my clothes  Watch my girlfriend come to the door Chop off her head, she falls to the floor Watching my baby's jugular flow Really makes my motor go  Wrap a towel around the bloody stump Take my baby's body to the city dump Then wipe the mess off the bloody axe Scoop all the heads in my burlap sack   [CHORUS]  All my collection Adorns my rooms on bamboo poles Used to be a little But a little got more and more Now I'm craving yours  Night brings bad dreams Bad dreams and guillotines  Off with her head  Find another victim for my machine Put him in a homemade guillotine Blade falls, gonna need a casket Watch the head plop in a wicker basket  Leave the house at a quarter to four Come back with sixteen or more Cause the more I want, the more I see Got a funny feeling coming over me                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Powerman 5000 - "When Worlds Collide" Now this is what it's like when worlds collide
Now this is what it's like
Now this is what it's like when worlds collide
Now this is what it's like

What is it really that's goin' on here?
You've got ...  Green Day - "She" She...
She screams in silence
A sullen riot penetrating through her mind
Waiting for a sign
To smash the silence with the brick of self-control

Are you locked up in a world
That's been planned out fo...  Nine Inch Nails - "Closer" You let me violate you, you let me desecrate you
You let me penetrate you, you let me complicate you

Help me I broke apart my insides, help me I've got no soul to sell
Help me the only thing that wor...  Hoobastank - "The Reason" I'm not a perfect person
There's many things I wish I didn't do
But I continue learning
I never meant to do those things to you
And so I have to say before I go
That I just want you to know

I've foun...  Lagwagon - "May 16" No more waiting on them
As you rise inside new rooms
It's official you've gone
You can live for no one else
Man the guilt must be huge
As there's no gain in failure
You succeed at being mine

Yeah, ol...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Tehran" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Tehran"    In your plane in the blue sky You roam again Words that echo in your mind Make your heart beat faster This is no Vietnam We will win in Iran  The president said let it ride Islam be damned Make your last stand In Tehran  Warrior, the time bombs About to go What will you feel Will you ever wonder If the man that's in your sights Ever kissed his girl goodbye  The captain said kill or die Islam be damned Make your last stand In Tehran  Great Satan Our flags of burning  Soon America may find Its young man in the sand Where there casualty Is just a number In Iran  The president said let it ride You will be damned Make your last stand In Tehran                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Bad Religion - "Do What You Want" Hey do what you want, but don't do it around me.
Idleness and dissipation breed apathy.
I sit on my ass all goddamn day,
A misanthropic anthropoid with nothing to
Say what you must, do all you can...  Foo Fighters - "Best Of You" I've got another confession to make
I'm your fool
Everyone's got their chains to break
Holdin' you

Were you born to resist or be abused?
Is someone getting the best, the best, the best, the best of y...  Rage Against The Machine - "Know Your Enemy" Huh!
Yeah, we're comin' back in with another "Bombtrack"
Think ya know it's all of that, HUH!
Hey yo, so check this out...
Yeah...
Know your enemy!
Come on!

Born with insight and a raised fist
A witn...  Good Charlotte - "Little Things" Yeah, This song is dedicated
(This is Good Charlotte)
To every kid who ever got picked last in gym class
(You know what I'm saying, this is for you)
To every kid who never had a date to no school danc...  Billy Talent - "Reckless Paradise" Stuck in a crisis
Without a conscience
Trapped in a place we don't belong
There's no more heroes
Left to believe in
They've pushed our backs against the wall

I know that something has to change
We go...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "A Thousand Days" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "A Thousand Days"    Ask me no questions and I'll tell you I'll tell you no lies When all is said and done Does it really matter who's wrong or right Don't ask me for a reason, I cant explain Why hurt one other again and again As I lie bleeding here I still Still reach for you   [CHORUS] A thousand days Have passed away A thousand days Were captured in her eyes  Your eyes are open now but you know It's still hard to see inside When action and intention Are two separated things Now I somehow wish I could explain Why we hurt one another again and again Like someone on his dying breath I still reach for you   [CHORUS]  Forever we've been Trapped by our hearts Trapped by our minds I'd like to leave I'd like to win at love  But I just can't let it go And I just can't watch it slipping away And I just can't let it go And I just can't stand another minute  Maybe now someday our shattered live Will mend themselves again But now a million miles away I wish I still could And though I somehow know, I can't explain Why we hurt one other again and again Like someone on his dying breath I still reach for you                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Alien Ant Farm - "Movies" At slow speed we all seem focused
In motion we seem wrong
In summer we can taste the rain I want you to be free
Don't worry about me
And just like the movies
We play out our last scene

Two can play t...  Green Day - "Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)" Fuck...

Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go
So make the best of this test, and don't ask why
It's not a question, but a lesson learned...  New Found Glory - "My Friends Over You" I'm drunk off your kiss
For another night in a row
This is becoming too routine for me
But I didn't mean to lead you on
And it's alright to pretend
That we still talk
It's just for show, isn't it?
It'...  AFI - "The Boy Who Destroyed The World" Once there was boy who had vibrant glow, but as it goes, someone took it from him.
One day through the rain I heard him meekly moan, he said
"Will you wrap your arms around me as I'm falling?"
Reme...  Scars On Broadway - "They Say" I walked the line, the line I choose, 
I see the people in front of me 
I climbed the wall, the wall of news, 
I watched them show the tragedy. 

If you were me, could you defend 
the given righ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Blackball" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Blackball"    In this world of hate and shallowness Where enemies become your consolation And those of us who win the game give up their minds I don't call that winning  Say this doesn't apply to you But ask yourself first What have I won today to win the game And just what have I scarified  Win the battle or lose the war I know I've played this game before When people were still real I don't want this anymore It's time for me to close the door There's nothing left to feel  Reflect on all out yesterdays My own words choke me, why were they spoken Regret for things I've said and done just can't compare with Regret for that I have never tried  So blame this world or blame yourself It's really all the same When you are standing on that precipice From which you just cannot return  Win the battle or lose the war I know I've played this game before When people were still real I don't want this anymore It's time for me to close the door There's nothing left to feel  In the style of forgotten men I look to my horizon - I see nothing While thoughts of guns and desecration sweep through my mind But only coffins and bones remain  As I look to you, the emptiness behind your eyes seals my decision Can't carry on in a world of jugglers where all this thoughtlessness And bludgeoning your key to success What kind of tradition to carry on  Blackball - The new disease Blackball - The new disease Blackball - Your evil ways have found their way inside me Blackball - The new disease Blackball - The new disease Blackball - For a better life in this high tech dog eat dog existence                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Chop Suey!" We're rolling suicide

Wake up (wake up)
Grab a brush and put a little make-up
Hide the scars to fade away the shake-up (hide the scars to fade away the...)
Why'd you leave the keys upon the table?
He...  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  CKY - "96 Quite Bitter Beings" With my perceptions in a mix
Down twenty miles through the sticks
To the cloudy town of Hellview: Population 96

Excessive vacancy, well maybe
In the shadow of an eye
All the strangers passing through...  Audioslave - "Like A Stone" On a cobweb afternoon in a room full of emptiness
By a freeway, I confess I was lost in the pages
Of a book full of death, reading how we'll die alone
And if we're good, we'll lay to rest anywhere we ...  Blink-182 - "She's Out Of Her Mind" I said settle down, settle down everything is fine
Take your eyes off the floor
She said no I'm not, no I'm not, no I'm not alright
I lost my head on the door

She's a-a-a-antisocial
A-a-a-antisocial
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "I'll Be Waiting" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "I'll Be Waiting"    Once I had a friend that I could count on So I thought Well so it seemed But times of need are not enough To prove your friendship to me now Once I saw a face that I believed in But a mask was all there was So who wears the masks and who wears the faces Well I guess I'll never know  But as I stand here alone in a room full of people With nothing to say Beer on their minds, and smoke in the air Call them feiends but they just don't care  Friend for life Such shallow words for brokrn minds Show me a friend for life Cause I'll be waiting for that day to arrive When I'll feel alive I'll be waiting for that day  Once I found a love I had to know Now we might know each other just too well Cause when we're together we just can't get enough Or is it we just can't get what we want Once I saw a dream, I had to chase it Dreams quickly turn to reality Who's at fault in this game of yours and mine Well I guess I'll never know  But as I sit here alone Think of the girl who came softly inside me The look in her eyes, the smell of her hair Call her my own but is she really there?  Love for life Such noble words for noble minds Show me a love for life Cause I'll be waiting for that day to arrive When I'll feel alive I'll be waiting for that day  Once I had a friend that I could count on Times of need are not enough Once I found a love I had to know Now we might know each other just too well Once I saw a dream I had to chase it Dreams quickly turn to reality Now let me close my eyes Because I don't want to see anymore                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter, 2       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President     You May Also Like  Rise Against - "Hero Of War" He said "Son, have you seen the world?
Well, what would you say if I said that you could?
Just carry this gun and you'll even get paid"
I said "That sounds pretty good"

Black leather boots
Spit-shine...  Nirvana - "Territorial Pissings" "Come on people now, smile on your brother and
everybody get together, try to love one another right now"

When I was an alien, cultures weren't opinions

Gotta find a way, to find a way, when I'm the...  Anti-Flag - "Broken Bones" Broken bones and broken glass ,
Broken hearts and broken heads.
Livin’ the life.

Close my eyes try to make it last.

Outrun the wretched memories of my past. 
It moves too fast.
I got no chance

A fr...  Good Charlotte - "Little Things" Yeah, This song is dedicated
(This is Good Charlotte)
To every kid who ever got picked last in gym class
(You know what I'm saying, this is for you)
To every kid who never had a date to no school danc...  Green Day - "Still Breathing" I'm like a child looking off in the horizon
I'm like an ambulance that's turning on the sirens
Oh, I'm still alive
I'm like a soldier coming home for the first time
I dodged a bullet and I walked acro...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Kill The President" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Kill The President"    In a world without leaders, who'd start all the wars? The world that your saving, will always be your's.   [Chorus] Kill the President, listen to the voice of reason Unify with that single line Stop the man with the power of the government A leader's not the center of democracy  In a world without leaders, who'd make people starve, the world that we're saving, will always be ours.  Everyone says "Well maybe i'll make a difference", Thinking they've got plenty of time But you're squeezed a little tighter everyday Finished before you can commit a crime  In a world without leaders, who'd start all the wars? The world that your saving, will always be your's.   [Chorus] Kill the President, listen to the voice of reason Unify with that single line Stop the man with the power of the government A leader's not the center of democracy  "America, all your enemies come from within, But you lash out so it is seen Like some frightened child in an angry world Or the fall of Rome Your demise comes from your own Your own hands!"  In a world without leaders, who'd start all the wars? The world that your saving, will always be your's.  In a world without leaders, we might have a chance. But we'll never see it, as long as there's... Kill the president, kill the president, Kill the president, kill the president, Kill the president, kill the president now!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "The Offspring" (1989)  Jennifer Lost The War  Elders  Out On Patrol  Crossroads  Demons  Beheaded  Tehran  A Thousand Days  Blackball  I'll Be Waiting  Kill The President        Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Session" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Session"    Ah fuck! Fuck fuck fuck!  Oh...  I don't know when it got this way I don't know how long she's going to stay Every week, it's the same, in her room And that's why I came  Oh, here I go, I go again Our rendezvous never seem to end I know where I'll be, I'll make this confession Back in her bed for another goddamn  Session I'll never learn Session God knows I try Session Keep coming back for session And I don't know why Session I'll never learn Session I'll never see Session Just tell me why these sessions got a hold on Got a, got a hold on me  Some might say it's a fling For all I know, it don't mean a thing Either way, I can't complain Ain't no strings Guess I got it made  Oh, here I go, I go again Our little things never seem to end I know where I'll be, I'll make this confession Back in her bed for another goddamn  Session I'll never learn Session God knows I try Session Keep coming back for session And I don't know why Session I'll never learn Session I'll never see Session Just tell me why these sessions got a hold on Got a, got a hold on me  Oh, here I go, I go again Our little things never seem to end I know where I'll be, I'll make this confession Back in her bed for another goddamn  Session I'll never learn Session God knows I try Session Keep coming back for session And I don't know why Session I'll never learn Session I'll never see Session Just tell me why these sessions got a hold on Got a, got a hold on me                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Dead Kennedys - "California Uber Alles" I am Governor Jerry Brown
My aura smiles
And never frowns
Soon I will be president...

Carter Power will soon go away
I will be Fuhrer one day
I will command all of you
Your kids will meditate...  Stone Sour - "Bother" Wish I was too dead to cry
My self-affliction fades
Stones to throw at my creator
Masochists to which I cater
You don't need to bother;
I don't need to be 
I'll keep slipping farther
But once I hold o...  Pennywise - "Peaceful Day" Listen up everyone there's something wrong
We got the answers in our sights now
But somehow still we struggle along
Looking for solutions in a threatening sky
But we never get an answer 
Just a c...  Papa Roach - "Born For Greatness" I am a man at war
And I am fighting for
All of the broken people
All of the people thrown overboard
They always tried to shame us
But they don't speak the language
No we're not nameless, we're not fac...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "We Are One" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "We Are One"    We are one with ourselves We don't give a shit about anyone else Well it won't be wrong until our day in the sun is gonna stop The walls come tumbling down   [Chorus] We are one We are free We are headed for obscurity We are one We are weak We are gonna make ourselves extinct  We are one, you know it's true Don't fuck with us or we'll fuck with you It's a mentality that kills the best, we better stop The walls come tumbling down   [Chorus]  We are one and it won't be news When we hang ourselves with one collective noose Well, it won't be wrong until our day in the sun is gonna stop The walls come tumbling down   [Chorus]  The bigger they come The harder they fall  [to fade]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Misfits - "Dig Up Her Bones" Anything is what she is
Anywhere is where she's from
Anything is what she'll be
Anything as long as it's mine

And the door it opens is the way back in
Or is it the way back out?

Anyplace is where sh...  New Found Glory - "My Friends Over You" I'm drunk off your kiss
For another night in a row
This is becoming too routine for me
But I didn't mean to lead you on
And it's alright to pretend
That we still talk
It's just for show, isn't it?
It'...  Sum 41 - "With Me" I don't want this moment to ever end
Where everything's nothing without you
I'd wait here forever just to, to see you smile
'Cause it's true, I am nothing without you

Through it all, I've made my mis...  Alice In Chains - "Would?" Know me broken by my master
Teach thee on child of love hereafter

Into the flood again
Same old trip it was back then
So I made a big mistake
Try to see it once my way

Drifting body it's sole desert...  NOFX - "Lori Meyers" Lori Meyers used to live upstairs
Our parents had been friends for years
Almost every afternoon we'd play forbidden games
At nine years old there's no such thing (as shame)
It wasn't recognition o...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Kick Him When He's Down" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Kick Him When He's Down"    Hey, you're a riddle I say as I move aside Like I really need your advice But you won't leave it alone Little men try but don't get a lot done Living in sin don't move me either way I get a feeling you're so vague Like I said before LIttle men come when anything goes   [Chorus:] When the rain comes I sit home and pray Make it all numb I wish it all away All I really need is just somewhere to hide away (Kick him when he's down) Here alone I'll put up and fight (Kick him when he's down) Beat me all the way I'll take it all night (Kick him when he's down) Hey, don't worry, I'll get along home alright  Hey, everybody's supposed to be the same So how come they're so lame? It's like taking a fall Keep on running back into that wall Awake in a dream, get up and go to work But I'm feeling like such a jerk Like I said before Little men come when everything goes   [Chorus]  Hey, you're a riddle I say as I move aside Like I really need your advice But you won't leave it alone Little men try but don't get a lot done Living in sin don't move me either way I get a feeling you're so vague Like I said before Little men come when anything goes   [Chorus w/ adlibs]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Goldfinger - "Here In Your Bedroom" Here in your bedroom,
I can turn my head off
The less that I feel
Is the less that I'm on top

I wonder what you think
As we lay here in bed
I don't know what I'm thinking,
But that's better f...  Jane's Addiction - "Been Caught Stealing" I've been caught stealing; 
once when I was 5... 
I enjoy stealing. 
It's just as simple as that.
Well, it's just a simple fact. 
When I want something,
I don't want to pay for it. 

I walk right thro...  Yellowcard - "Lights And Sounds" Hello, you, how was the rest?
You made it through, but nevertheless
I got you out on a wire.
You be love and I’ll be a liar.

Tell it all and fill up the air,
But make it loud cause nobody’s the...  Nirvana - "Lithium" I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends
They're in my head
I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you
We've broke our mirrors
Sunday morning, is every day for all I care
And I'm not scared
L...  Alice Cooper - "Hey Stoopid" Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey stupid

Hey bro, take it slow
You ain't livin' in a video
You're flying low with a high velocity
No doubt, you're stressin' out
That ain't what rock n' roll's...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Take It Like A Man" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Take It Like A Man"    When you won't go along Some will feel like you can't find your way Heaven knows Heaven knows I've seen it all before Now don't get me wrong I've seen many a life gone astray When someone goes All your bows won't make it any better so let it go   [CHORUS] Shut up and take it like a man You need us to get a life For your own good we'll take you by the hand 'Cause you need a little more  Maybe no one will say it Maybe no one's aware it goes on All I know All I know it's like going off the deep end Could you make a decision? Could you think for yourself and go on? Everyone knows Everyone knows you've got to fit into the mainstream so save your woes   [CHORUS]  Close your eyes Look away now Make believe while you can So you'd best go along Don't let on if you can't find your way Many more Many more do it for you Because heaven knows Heaven knows it's like playing with fire Your life's a throw                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Blood Brothers" Watch your back because the next man is coming
And you don't know if the next man is dumb and
Survival of the fittest what it is
I got your back, you got my back and that's the biz
Blood is rushing th...  P.O.D. - "Boom" I never knew that a kid like me 
Could take his mic around the world and flash the big S.D. 
And rock the masses, from Madrid to Calabassas 
Tijuana, Mexico, bootleg demos in Tokyo 
They know me thoug...  Bad Religion - "Punk Rock Song" have you been to the desert?
have you walked with the dead?
there's a hundred thousand children being killed for their bread

and the figures don't lie they speak of human disease
but we do what ...  Ramones - "Pet Sematary" Under the arc of a weather stain boards
Ancient goblins, and warlords
Come out of the ground, not making a sound
The smell of death is all around
And the night when the cold wind blows
No one cares, n...  NOFX - "Linewleum" Intellectual property never meant anything to me
So I'm not crazy
For trying to pimp out a classic song
At 25 years old it's the humane thing to do
Even though you know we know you think it's wrong
Bu...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Get It Right" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Get It Right"    I've been told that to get what you want You just gotta give what you can But I know for what I want it don't come easy as that They say, "Look out, boy Tomorrow comes and things will look better by then." But I'll look out the window Then look in the mirror at the same old me again   [CHORUS] Still can't get it right And for all I know I swear I never will  Do you think you'd sell your soul To just have one thing to turn out right? For the thousandth time you turnand find That it just makes no difference to try Like Holden Caulfield, I tell myself There's got to be a better way Then I lay in bed and stare at the ceiling Dream of brighter days   [CHORUS]  No way out Same old stuff always drags me down Now way out Never gonna get it                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Ron Welty       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Always" I've been here before a few times
And I'm quite aware we're dying
And your hands they shake with goodbyes
And I'll take you back if you'd have me 
So here I am I'm trying
So here I am are you rea...  Queens Of The Stone Age - "3's & 7's" Lie, lie to my face
Tell me it ain't nothing
That's what I wanna hear

Take the lie to the grave
That's what an old friend told me
Look what it did for him

The truth hurts so bad
Wouldn't you say? So...  AFI - "Medicate" Oh!

Could I, could I just find a way?
I'd find you everyday and we could alter time.
But I've come to find everyone's gone away.
So this may be the time for the perfect crime.
Yes, this is perfect.

...  Stone Sour - "Song #3" If you take a step towards me
You will take my breath away
So I'll keep you close and keep my secret safe

No one else has ever loved me
No one else has ever tried
I never understood how much I could ...  Green Day - "Oh Yeah!" (Yeah I got it)

I'm in the crowd full of angels and demons
I'm looking out for the jingoes and heathens
Nobody move and nobody gonna get hurt
Reach for the sky with your face in the dirt

Everybody i...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Dirty Magic" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Dirty Magic"    In my own simple way I think she wants me only She said," Come over right away." But she's just not that way Her little soul is stolen See her put on her brand new face   [Chorus] Pull the shades Razor blades You're so tragic I hate you so but love you more I'm so elastic The things you say Games you play Dirty magic  I should know better than to think I'd reach inside her It's all a cloudy kind of daze She's not so sweet today She mocks me, I'm no fighter It all just seems like such a waste   [Chorus]  It's oversimplified [x3]   [Chorus]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Keith Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day    album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Foo Fighters - "Big Me" When I talk about it
Carries on
Reasons only knew
When I talk about it
Aries or treasons all renew

Big me to talk about it
I could stand to prove
If we can get around it
I know that it's true

Well I...  The Hives - "Hate To Say I Told You So" Do what I want cause I can and if I don't
because I wanna be ignored by the stiff and the bored
because I'm gonna.
Spit and retrieve cause I give and receive
because I wanna gonna get through your...  Sugarcult - "Los Angeles" I want a girl, girl that won't talk back
And a job, job that gives me slack
And a car, car that won't break down
In the heat of Los Angeles
I want to go, go without a map
Far away, away, I won't ...  Rise Against - "Re-Education (Through Labor)" To the sound of a heartbeat pounding away
To the rhythm of the awful rusted machines
We toss and turn but don't sleep
Each breath we take makes us thieves
Like causes without rebels
Just talk but...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hypodermic" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hypodermic"    When you're feeling low Hypodermic's where you go When you're with yourself You wish yo ucould be someone else   [CHORUS] Can't you see like you saw anymore? Can't you feel like you felt before? Can't you face anything anymore? When life's a waste Run away Your life's a waste Run away  Once you get a ride Doesn't matter where you lied Once you shoot it in Doesn't matter who you've been You're reeaching in but you don't know where to begin All your dance and song won't matter when you're gone   [CHORUS]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Ron Welty       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  Foo Fighters - "Walk" A million miles away
Your signal in the distance
To whom it may concern
I think I lost my way
Gettin' good at startin' over
Every time that I return

I'm learnin' to walk again
I believe I've waited l...  Rise Against - "Satellite" You can't feel the heat until you hold your hand over the flame
You have to cross the line just to remember where it lays
You won't know your worth now, son, until you take a hit
And you won't find th...  The Living End - "Carry Me Home" He's gonna get you in the end
Then he'll be your only friend
There's nothing that'll save your soul
All you need is alcohol

Step right up and be a man
On your knees and pray
Freedoms just anot...  The Vandals - "Euro-Barge" Here in America, respect your fellow man
Some foreign cultures don't understand
We got this little rule and it's called elbow room
Pertaining to the spacial occupancy you consume

If I'm in front of l...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Burn It Up" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Burn It Up"    I think I'm burning up inside I think I'll take a little ride I'm gonna light up everything in sight I'll drive on by your yard And throw a Molotov cocktail at your car Then another in the local bar   [CHORUS] Ignition They call it an obsession but I think it's kinda bitchin' I think it's kinda neat Yeah, I'm a pyro I wanna burn it up Yeah, I'm a pyro  Tonight this 'hood will be a pyre I'm gonna set your house on fire I'll dance around the pretty flames Such a wonderful game!   [CHORUS]  I want to make a tiki torch I'm gonna throw it on your porch Then I'm gonna run away And come back another day So many houses, so little time So many reasons, I'm not a crime I'd like to set you up I'd like to set you up                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "First Date" In the car I just can't wait,
to pick you up on our very first date
Is it cool if I hold your hand?
Is it wrong if I think it's lame to dance?
Do you like my stupid hair?
Would you guess that I didn't...  Disturbed - "Land Of Confusion" I must have dreamed a thousand dreams
Been haunted by a million screams
But I can hear the marching feet
They're moving into the street

Now, did you read the news today?
They say the danger has gone ...  Yellowcard - "Lights And Sounds" Hello, you, how was the rest?
You made it through, but nevertheless
I got you out on a wire.
You be love and I’ll be a liar.

Tell it all and fill up the air,
But make it loud cause nobody’s the...  AFI - "Medicate" Oh!

Could I, could I just find a way?
I'd find you everyday and we could alter time.
But I've come to find everyone's gone away.
So this may be the time for the perfect crime.
Yes, this is perfect.

...  Rise Against - "Satellite" You can't feel the heat until you hold your hand over the flame
You have to cross the line just to remember where it lays
You won't know your worth now, son, until you take a hit
And you won't find th...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "No Hero" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "No Hero"    Once you said you'd stick to it until the end I guess you lied, the call it suicide Now you're gone What was so wrong that you couldn't find a way to carry on? Second guess Did I do my best? There was a friend I had   [CHORUS] Johnny was a weirdo So what did you expect? I ain't no fucking hero I'm just trying to survive myself  I should have known you went through it alone I wonder why did you even try? You could have come to me I would have helped you see You could have found a way to carry on Second guess Did i do my best? There was a friend I had...   [CHORUS]  Johnny's strange behavior was a tip-off, they say But I ain't no fucking savior I'm just living day by day  Little things, little lives hanging 'til the end I say it doesn't really mean nothing Telling truth, telling lies I used to have a friend I say it don't really mean nothing And I can't let this feeling go Let this feeling go Let this feeling go                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Sum 41 - "Some Say" Some say we're never meant to grow up
I'm sure they never knew enough
I know the pressures won't go away
It's too late

Find out we're different somehow
It's too late to even have faith
Don't think th...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  Pennywise - "Revolution" As we walk through these troubled times
We struggle through this so called life
Waiting for something to change
And now all hope is gone
The pain has lingered far to long
Black is a sky filled with ra...  Green Day - "Kill The DJ" Walking after dark
In the New York City park
Your thoughts are so unholy
In the holiest of holes
Onward Christian soldiers
Filled with jive and mind control

The blood left on the dance floor
Runnin',...  Guttermouth - "I'm Destroying The World" Hey mark it's fourth and goal
Why don't you get your dad a beer
And do us all a favor
Get your punk ass out of here
I think our son's retarded
He likes to read not watch tv
He never plays no football
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "L.A.P.D." lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "L.A.P.D."    When cops are taking care of business I can understand But the L.A. story's gone way out of hand Their acts of aggression, they say they're justified But it seems an obsession has started from the inside They're shooting anyone who even tries to run They're shooting little kids with toy guns Take it to a jury but they don't give a damn Because the one who tells the truth is always the policeman  CHORUS Beat all the niggers Beat whoever you see Don't need a reason (We're) L.A.P.D.  The city of L.A. feels like a prison With helicopters overhead and bullets whizzing by Martial law ain't no solution Police brutality's just social pollution  Beat all the white trash Beat whoever you see Don't need a reason (We're) L.A.P.D.  They say they're keeping the peace But I'm not buying it because a billy club ain't much of a pacifier "Protecting your freedom" Now that's just a lie It's an excuse for power that's more like an alibi Law and order doesn't really matter When you're the one getting bruisedand battered You take it to a jury, they'll throw it in your face Because justice in L.A. comes in a can of mace                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dammit" It's alright 
to tell me 
what you think 
about me
I won't try 
to argue 
or hold it 
against you
I know that 
you're leaving 
you must have 
your reasons
The season 
is calling 
and your pictures 
ar...  System Of A Down - "Revenga" Poisoning a drink, Bleeding in a sink 
Choking with a link, Killing with a stink 
Just your mother's 
HO 
Bleeding in a sink, Poisoning a drink 
Burning up 
My sweet Clementine 

Trampling a s...  Foo Fighters - "Times Like These" I, I'm a one way motorway
I'm the one that drives away, follows you back home
I, I'm a street light shining
I'm a white light blinding bright, burning off and on
Uh-huh

It's times like these you lear...  AFI - "Miss Murder" Hey, Miss Murder, can I—
Hey, Miss Murder, can I
Make beauty stay if I take my life?

Whoa-oh-oh

With just a look they shook
And heavens bowed before him.
Simply a look can break your heart.
The star...  Good Charlotte - "The River" As I walk through the valley
Of the shadow of L.A.
The footsteps that were next to me
Have gone their separate ways

I've seen enough now to know that beautiful things
Don't always stay that way
I've ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Nothing From Something" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Nothing From Something"    Things are coming down on me They never seem to let it be It seems like everything I say just starts another fight The pressure's building up inside I gotta let it out tonight Shattered glass will cure my ills and make me feel alright   [CHORUS] Gonna break it And never stop running Making nothing from something Making nothing from something  Cut me for the lion's share It's mindless, but I don't care 'Cause no matter what I say I'm in a another fight Take more shit, I've had enough Tonight I'm gonna rip it up Broken windows cure my ills and make me feel alright                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Marvin Fergusen       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Suite-Pee" I had an out of body experience
The other day
Her name was Jesus
And for her everyone cried
Everyone cried
Everyone cried

Try her philosophy
Try her philosophy
Try her philosophy
Try
You die for her ...  Zebrahead - "Falling Apart" Stutter step through another trap set by deception
Mention rejection
Always lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
Jeopardize everything that I want
And I wo...  Papa Roach - "Hollywood Whore" Hollywood whore,
Passed out on the floor,
I'm sorry but the party's over.

Cocaine nose,
And trendy clothes,
Gotta send her to rehab.
She found out she's got no soul,
But it really doesn't bot...  Blink-182 - "She's Out Of Her Mind" I said settle down, settle down everything is fine
Take your eyes off the floor
She said no I'm not, no I'm not, no I'm not alright
I lost my head on the door

She's a-a-a-antisocial
A-a-a-antisocial
...  AFI - "Twisted Tongues" We watched the world
Turn itself backward
Now, in reverse
You spit out big words
Over a low sun
Undo the undone

You talk in twisted tongues
Of an absolving curse
You talk in twisted tongues
I whisper...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Forever And A Day" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Forever And A Day"    Look at me while I look at you Seeing eye to eye we can never do You try to tell me what is right I may not know a lot but I know one thing   [CHORUS] If you've got the answer Then I don't want to know If you've got the answer Just keep it your own  I wonder why our world is ablaze Sometimes I speak aloud to hear what people have to say I try to have an open mind But your brain and mouth must not be connected  If you've got the answer Then I don't want to know If you've got the answer Just leave me alone I would be patient but it takes so long I don't want all this misinformation All the words that you say Lean on me while I lean on you If we destroy each other We might save a life or two A little sun, a little shine Separates us both by forever and a day   [CHORUS]  If you've got a vision Then I don't want to see If you've got a notion Don't waste it on me                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Ron Welty       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dumpweed" It's understood, I said it many ways
Too scared to run, I'm too scared to stay
I said I'd leave, but I could never leave her
And if I did, you know I'd never cheat her
But this I ask, it's what I want...  Bad Religion - "Infected" Now here I go,
Hope I don't break down,
I won't take anything, I don't need anything,
Don't want to exist, I can't persist,
Please stop before I do it again,
Just talk about nothing, let's talk a...  Zebrahead - "Rescue Me" Another tragedy in the news
Someone shooting down the right to choose 
It doesn't seem at all that they chose the right way 
Another law I heard got passed today 
Someone's trying to take my right...  Jane's Addiction - "Irresistible Force" We didn't know that it would blow up
With such might
We stars are even brighter
Contrasted by the night

Sent out shock waves
Filled up the outer space
Even the ghost came
To the late, late, late show...  Propagandhi - "Dear Coach's Corner" Dear Ron MacLean,
Dear Coach's Corner,
I'm writing in order...

For someone to explain
To my niece the distinction
Between these mandatory pre-game group rites of submission...

And the rallies at Nur...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Time To Relax" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Time To Relax"    Ahhhhh, it's time to relax And you know what that means A glass of wine, your favourite easy chair And of course this compact disc playing on your home stereo So go on, indulge yourself That's right, kick off your shoes, put your feet up Lean back and just enjoy the melodies After all, music soothes even the savage beasts                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "The Rock Show" Hanging out behind the club on the weekend
Acting stupid, getting drunk with my best friends
I couldn't wait for the summer and the Warped Tour
I remember it's the first time that I saw her there

She...  Foo Fighters - "Breakout" You make me dizzy running circles in my head
One of these days I'll chase you down

Well look who's going crazy now
We're face to face my friend
Better get out, better get out

You know you make me br...  Green Day - "When I Come Around" I heard you crying loud,
All the way across town
You've been searching for that someone,
And it's me out on the prowl
As you sit around feeling sorry for yourself

Well, don't get lonely now
And dry y...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...  Rise Against - "Broken Dreams, Inc." I have seen what you call progress
Every warning sign ignored
And there's a muffled voice of reason
But we can't make out the words

And though the balance we struck was delicate
There was a sense of ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Nitro (Youth Energy)" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Nitro (Youth Energy)"    Our generation sees the world Not the same as before We might as well just throw it all And live like there is no tomorrow  There's no tomorrow There's no tomorrow  We are the ones who are living Under the gun every day You might be gone before you know So live like there is no tomorrow  (Ain't gonna waste this life) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna live it for me) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna waste this life) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna live it for me)  Hey, believe it The official view of the world has changed (In a whole new way) Live fast ’cause if you don't take it You'll never make it  So if you understand me And if you feel the same Then you will know what nitro means You'll live like there is no tomorrow  (Ain't gonna waste this life) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna live it for me) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna waste this life) There's no tomorrow (Ain't gonna live it for me) There's no tomorrow...                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Green Day - "Welcome To Paradise" Dear mother,
Can you hear me whining?
It's been three whole weeks
Since that I have left your home
This sudden fear has left me trembling
'Cause now it seems that I am out here on my own
And I'm feeli...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  The Living End - "Carry Me Home" He's gonna get you in the end
Then he'll be your only friend
There's nothing that'll save your soul
All you need is alcohol

Step right up and be a man
On your knees and pray
Freedoms just anot...  Good Charlotte - "Last December" His friends all come to the funeral underdressed
They stuck around for an hour or so and then they left
But I couldn't take it personal, I laughed
I was dwelling on how time just goes so fast

And if ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Bad Habit" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Bad Habit"    Hey man you know I'm really okay The gun in my hand will tell you the same But when I'm in my car Don't give me no crap 'Cause the slightest thing and I just might snap  When I go driving I stay in my lane But getting cut off it makes me insane I open the glove box Reach inside I'm gonna wreck this fucker's ride   [Chorus:] I guess I got a bad habit Of blowin' away (yeah, yeah) I got a bad habit (yeah, yeah) And it ain't goin' away (yeah, yeah) Yeah (yeah, yeah) Yeah (yeah, yeah)  Well they say the road is a dangerous place If you flip me off I'll get in your face If you drive on my ass Your foot's on the gas And your next breath is your last   [Chorus]  Drivers are rude Such attitudes But when I show my piece Complaints cease Something's odd I feel like I'm god You stupid dumb shit goddamn motherfucker!  I open the glove box Reach inside I'm gonna wreck this fucker's ride   [Chorus]                   Submit Corrections   Thanks to Adam C, David, katreaper for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "All The Small Things" All the small things
True care, truth brings
I'll take one lift
Your ride best trip

Always I know
You'll be at my show
Watching, waiting, commiserating

Say it ain't so,
I will not go,
Turn the light...  311 - "Beautiful Disaster" Today seems like a good day to burn a bridge or two
The one with old wood creaking that would burn away right on cue
I try to be not like that but some people really suck
Some people need to get th...  Nine Inch Nails - "The Perfect Drug" I got my head but my head is unraveling
Can't keep control can't keep track of where it's traveling
I got my heart but my heart's no good
You're the only one that's understood

I come along but I don'...  Yellowcard - "Lights And Sounds" Hello, you, how was the rest?
You made it through, but nevertheless
I got you out on a wire.
You be love and I’ll be a liar.

Tell it all and fill up the air,
But make it loud cause nobody’s the...  Rage Against The Machine - "No Shelter" The main attraction - distraction
got ya number than nnumber than numb 
Empty ya pockets son; they got you thinkin that
What ya need is what they sellin
Make you think that buyin is rebellin
From the ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Gotta Get Away" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Gotta Get Away"    Getting edgy all the time Someone around me just a step behind It's kinda scary, the shape I'm in The walls are shakin' and they're closing in  Too fast or a bit too slow Paranoid of people and it's starting to show One guy that I can't shake Over my shoulder is a big mistake  Sitting on the bed Or lying wide awake There's demons in my head And it's more than I can take I think I'm on a roll But I think it's kinda weak Saying all I know is I gotta get away from me  I tell you something just ain't right My head is on loose but my shoes are tight Avoiding my friends 'cause they all bug Life is like a riddle and I'm really stumped  If you reason, don't you know Your own preoccupation is where you'll go I think I'm being followed, I look around It's only my shadow creepin' on the ground  Sitting on the bed Or lying wide awake There's demons in my head And it's more than I can take I think I'm on a roll But I think it's kinda weak Saying all I know is I gotta get away from me Gotta get away from me Gotta get away from me  Sitting on the bed Or lying wide awake There's demons in my head And it's more than I can take I think I'm on a roll But I think it's kinda weak Saying all I know is I gotta get away from me Gotta get away from me Gotta get away from me Gotta get away from me                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Francis, GGolddragoNN for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "All The Small Things" All the small things
True care, truth brings
I'll take one lift
Your ride best trip

Always I know
You'll be at my show
Watching, waiting, commiserating

Say it ain't so,
I will not go,
Turn the light...  Stone Temple Pilots - "Interstate Love Song" Waiting on a Sunday afternoon
For what I've read between the lines
Your lies
Feeling like a hand in rusted chains
So do you laugh at those who cry?
Reply

Leaving on a Southern train
Only yesterday yo...  311 - "Beautiful Disaster" Today seems like a good day to burn a bridge or two
The one with old wood creaking that would burn away right on cue
I try to be not like that but some people really suck
Some people need to get th...  Puddle Of Mudd - "She Hates Me" Met a girl, thought she was grand
fell in love, found out first hand
went well for a week or two
then it all came unglued

In a trap, trip I can't grip
never thought I'd be the one who'd slip
t...  Foo Fighters - "Best Of You" I've got another confession to make
I'm your fool
Everyone's got their chains to break
Holdin' you

Were you born to resist or be abused?
Is someone getting the best, the best, the best, the best of y...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Genocide" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Genocide"    Our lives run different ways Through the rain I see you in the sun Our star shines anyway If you wish upon it we are one  One! Two! Three! Four!  Dog eat dog Every day On our fellow man we prey Dog eat dog To get by Hope you like my genocide  I find it's such a shame Through the pain I see things as they are We're served up on a plate Pedestal is high enough to fall  And if in time We can see the errors of our ways Would anyone change it anyhow? Our time is up  One! Two! Three! Four!  Dog eat dog Every day On our fellow man we prey Dog eat dog To get by Hope you like my genocide  Dog eat dog Every day On our fellow man we prey Dog eat dog To get by Hope you like my genocide  I bet you'd only run If you saw what goes inside our own I bet you'd lead the way If it were up to you to decide But it's not  Dog eat dog Every day On our fellow man we prey Dog eat dog To get by Hope you like my genocide  Dog eat dog Every day On our fellow man we prey Dog eat dog To get by Hope you like my genocide  Like a silver flame Like a suicide Like a killing boy Like you're giving more One, two, three, four!   [Spoken:] Mmm, I especially enjoyed that one Let's see what's next                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Jake, Nick Dobben for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Ron Welty       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Green Day - "American Idiot" Don't wanna be an American idiot
Don't want a nation under the new mania
And can you hear the sound of hysteria?
The subliminal mind fuck America

Welcome to a new kind of tension
All across the alien...  Queens Of The Stone Age - "3's & 7's" Lie, lie to my face
Tell me it ain't nothing
That's what I wanna hear

Take the lie to the grave
That's what an old friend told me
Look what it did for him

The truth hurts so bad
Wouldn't you say? So...  Good Charlotte - "Little Things" Yeah, This song is dedicated
(This is Good Charlotte)
To every kid who ever got picked last in gym class
(You know what I'm saying, this is for you)
To every kid who never had a date to no school danc...  NOFX - "Six Years On Dope" I was a misanthrope on the end of a rope
I spent twenty years, six years on dope
Taking a piss while giving up hope
I lived a lifetime six years on dope

I was a human trash can
Shortening my life spa...  Anti-Flag - "American Attraction" Yeah

There's no escaping the American attraction
A bait and switch that's gonna thrill you with distraction
It sounds so good, you can't resist the satisfaction
When it's all over you'll be crying, I...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Something To Believe In" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Something To Believe In"    I believe that reality's gone Disillusion's real I believe that morality's gone And there's nothing to feel If you take the sacred things The things that we hold dear Empty promise is all you'll find So give me something  Something to believe in [x4]  I believe in a changing of the guard Put our feet on the ground See it happen in your own backyard Everything breaks down Do you accept what you are told Without even thinking Throw it all and make your own And give me something  Something to believe in [x4]  Where they lead You will follow Well I guess that's just the way it goes And if you look away You'll be doing what they say And if you look alive You'll be singled out and tried If you take home anything Let it be your will to think The more cynical you become The better off you'll be  Something to believe in [x8]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Silverchair - "Israel's Son" Hate is what I feel for you,
And I want you to know that I want you dead.
You're late for the execution...
If you're not here soon, I'll kill your friend instead.

All the pain I feel
Couldn't start t...  Bloodhound Gang - "Fire Water Burn" The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
We don't need no water let the motherfucker burn,
Burn motherfucker burn....  Rise Against - "Hero Of War" He said "Son, have you seen the world?
Well, what would you say if I said that you could?
Just carry this gun and you'll even get paid"
I said "That sounds pretty good"

Black leather boots
Spit-shine...  Foo Fighters - "These Days" One of these days the ground will drop out from beneath your feet
One of these days your heart will stop and play its final beat
One of these days the clocks will stop and time won't mean a thing
One ...  Faith No More - "Digging The Grave" It would be wrong to ask you why
Because I know what goes inside
Is only half of what comes out
Isn't that what it's about?
It's about
To remind us we're alive
To remind us we're not blind
In that big...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Come Out And Play" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Come Out And Play"    You gotta keep 'em separated  Like the latest fashion Like a spreading disease The kids are strappin' on their way to the classroom Getting weapons with the greatest of ease  The gangs stake their own campus locale And if they catch you slippin' then it's all over pal If one guy's colors and the other's don't mix They're gonna bash it up, bash it up, bash it up, bash it up  Hey man you talkin' back to me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey man you disrespecting me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey don't pay no mind You're under 18 you won't be doing any time Hey come out and play  By the time you hear the siren It's already too late One goes to the morgue and the other to jail One guy's wasted and the other's a waste  It goes down the same as the thousand before No one's getting smarter no one's learning the score Your never-ending spree of death and violence, and hate Is gonna tie your own rope, tie your own rope, tie your own  Hey man you disrespecting me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey man you talkin' back to me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey don't pay no mind You're under 18 you won't be doing any time Hey come out and play  It goes down the same as the thousand before No one's getting smarter no one's learning the score Your never-ending spree of death and violence, and hate Is gonna tie your own rope, tie your own rope, tie your own  Hey man you talkin' back to me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey man you disrespecting me? Take him out You gotta keep 'em separated Hey don't pay no mind You're under 18 you won't be doing any time Hey come out and play                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Maddie, J. Blevins, Jenny, Cassea Ward, Ant-Fan for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Puddle Of Mudd - "Blurry" Everything's so blurry
And everyone's so fake
And everybody's empty
And everything is so messed up
Preoccupied without you
I cannot live at all
My whole world surrounds you
I stumble then I crawl

You...  Blink-182 - "Feeling This" {Get ready for action!}
I got no regret right now (I'm feeling this)
The air is so cold and low (I'm feeling this)
Let me go in her room (I'm feeling this)
I wanna take off her clothes (I'm feeling th...  Rise Against - "Give It All" Break through the undertow, your hands I can't seem to find
Pollution burns my tongue, cough words I can't speak so I

Stop my struggling, then I float to the surface
Fill my lungs with air, then let ...  Nirvana - "Come As You Are" Come as you are, as you were
As I want you to be
As a friend, as a friend
As a known enemy

Take your time, hurry up
Choice is yours, don't be late
Take a rest as a friend
As an old

Memoria, memoria
...  Foo Fighters - "These Days" One of these days the ground will drop out from beneath your feet
One of these days your heart will stop and play its final beat
One of these days the clocks will stop and time won't mean a thing
One ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Self Esteem" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Self Esteem"    I wrote her off for the tenth time today And practiced all the things I would say But she came over, I lost my nerve I took her back and made her dessert  Now I know I'm being used That's okay, man, 'cause I like the abuse I know she's playing with me That's okay 'cause I got no self-esteem  We make plans to go out at night I wait 'til 2 then I turn out the light This rejection's got me so low If she keeps it up I just might tell her so  When she's saying that she wants only me Then I wonder why she sleeps with my friends When she's saying that I'm like a disease Then I wonder how much more I can spend Well, I guess I should stick up for myself But I really think it's better this way The more you suffer The more it shows you really care Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah  Now I'll relate this little bit That happens more than I'd like to admit Late at night she knocks on my door She's drunk again and looking to score  Now I know I should say "No" But it's kind of hard when she's ready to go I may be dumb but I'm not a dweeb I'm just a sucker with no self-esteem  When she's saying that she wants only me Then I wonder why she sleeps with my friends When she's saying that I'm like a disease Then I wonder how much more I can spend Well, I guess I should stick up for myself But I really think it's better this way The more you suffer The more it shows you really care Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Rebecca for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Our Lady Peace - "Superman's Dead" do you worry that you're not liked 
how long till you break 
you're happy cause you smile 
but how much can you fake 
an ordinary boy an ordinary name 
but ordinary's just not good enough 
today 
alon...  P.O.D. - "Youth Of The Nation" Last day of the rest of my life
I wish I would've known
'Cause I didn't kiss my mama goodbye

I didn't tell her that I loved her and how much I cared
Or thank my pops for all the talks
And all the wis...  Green Day - "Jesus Of Suburbia" I'm the son of rage and love
The Jesus of Suburbia
From the bible of none of the above
On a steady diet of
Soda pop and Ritalin
No one ever died for my sins in hell
As far as I can tell
At least the ...  Rage Against The Machine - "Bombtrack" Ughh!
Hey yo, it's just another bombtrack...ughh!
Hey yo, it's just another bombtrack...yeah!
It goes a-1, 2, 3...

Yeah, it's just another bombtrack
And suckas be thinkin' that they can fake this
But...  Nirvana - "Heart-Shaped Box" She eyes me like a Pisces when I am weak
I've been locked inside your Heart-Shaped box for weeks
I've been drawn into your magnet tar pit trap
I wish I could eat your Cancer when you turn black

Hey! ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "It'll Be A Long Time" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "It'll Be A Long Time"    All this time has whittled away Like so many days in one Back and forth, the leaders sway Backing it up with guns  Superpowers flex their wings Hold the world on puppet strings Egos will feed While citizens bleed That's always the way it goes  When will the world listen to reason? I've a feeling it'll be a long time When will the truth come in to season? I've a feeling it'll be a long time  All they want is what they can defend Before their time is up Make the same mistakes again Heard it all before  Superpowers flex their wings Hold the world on puppet strings Egos will feed While citizens bleed That's always the way it goes  Well, if they tried, maybe they'd see It'd do a little good to let the world be free Handshake and a smile gets you on through Then turn it all around with a suicide move  But you know it's not fooling anyone but me You gotta make yourself see what you want to see But you know it's not fooling anyone but me You gotta make yourself see what you want to see Oh, yeah!  Superpowers flex their wings Hold the world on puppet strings Egos will feed While citizens bleed That's always the way it goes  When will the world listen to reason? I've a feeling it'll be a long time When will the truth come in to season? I've a feeling it'll be a long time I've a feeling it'll be a long time                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Alien Ant Farm - "Wish" Proud, proud is to hear it all yeah yeah
Proud ah proud, proud is to watch us fall yeah yeah
Make a wish, make a succotash wish
You live the pompous life
Throw kisses all the time
Make wishes don't br...  P.O.D. - "Youth Of The Nation" Last day of the rest of my life
I wish I would've known
'Cause I didn't kiss my mama goodbye

I didn't tell her that I loved her and how much I cared
Or thank my pops for all the talks
And all the wis...  Live - "Lakini's Juice" it was an evening i shared with the sun
to find out where we belong
from the earliest days
we were dancing in the shadows

more wine
cuz i got to have it
more skin
cuz i got to eat it

insid...  Anti-Flag - "The Press Corpse" The {Downing Street} memo says...

...We gotta work to make the facts fit the false charges
Pull the wool over the eyes of the filthy masses
Stab the people in the back for the corporate choice
R...  Bad Religion - "Fuck You" Everybody needs a slogan in their pocket or two.
It never hurts to have a strategy you can go to.
Sometimes I have no sense at all.
As most flawed men are won't to do,

Just say fuck you. Pavlovian ru...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Killboy Powerhead" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Killboy Powerhead"  (originally by Didjits)    He's a pistol grip And a lightning rod hammer step He always busts his knuckles When he's wrenching up his shit  He's a Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead, yeah  You know, I saw his woman She was writing his name in blood You know, I saw his woman Hard as a rock She said she was his baby Who looked just like the Hoover Dam You know, I saw his woman Hard as a rock  He's a Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead, yeah  He's a pistol grip And a lightning rod hammer step He always busts his knuckles When he's wrenching up his shit  He's a Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead Killboy Powerhead, yeah  Killboy Powerhead, yeah He's a Killboy Powerhead, yeah                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Rick Sims       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Ballad Of Chasey Lain" Dear Chasey Lain
I wrote to explain
I'm your biggest fan
I just wanted to ask
Could I eat your ass?
Write back as soon as you can

You've had a lotta dick
Had a lotta dick
I've had a lotta ti...  Blink-182 - "Dumpweed" It's understood, I said it many ways
Too scared to run, I'm too scared to stay
I said I'd leave, but I could never leave her
And if I did, you know I'd never cheat her
But this I ask, it's what I want...  AFI - "The Boy Who Destroyed The World" Once there was boy who had vibrant glow, but as it goes, someone took it from him.
One day through the rain I heard him meekly moan, he said
"Will you wrap your arms around me as I'm falling?"
Reme...  Hoobastank - "The Reason" I'm not a perfect person
There's many things I wish I didn't do
But I continue learning
I never meant to do those things to you
And so I have to say before I go
That I just want you to know

I've foun...  Disturbed - "Land Of Confusion" I must have dreamed a thousand dreams
Been haunted by a million screams
But I can hear the marching feet
They're moving into the street

Now, did you read the news today?
They say the danger has gone ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "What Happened To You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "What Happened To You"    What in the world happened to you?  Before you started tokin', you used to have a brain But now you don't get even the simplest of things I can draw a little picture or even use my hands I try to explain but you just don't understand  Man, you're really losin' it And you've really done a lot of junk now But you keep on abusin' it What in the world happened to you?  It's bad enough you do it, you do it to yourself But taking someone with you Well, you know that's something else I say I'm not that kind of person I'm not that kind of man I try to explain, but you just don't understand  Man, you're really losin' it And you've really done a lot of junk now But you keep on abusin' it What in the world happened to you?  Man, you're really losin' it And you've really done a lot of junk now But you keep on abusin' it What in the world happened to you?  I might be sympathetic or cut a little slack If I thought that you were willing to give a little back But you do it in the morning, you do it in the night You lie to refrain from just facing your life So I'll see you man tomorrow, you'll be gackin' up again I'll see you in a coffin by the time your wad is spent I think of all the times that I tried to lend a hand I try to explain but you just don't understand  Man, you're really losin' it And you've really done a lot of junk now But you keep on abusin' it What in the world happened to What in the world happened to What in the world happened to you?                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Nookie" Check, one, one, two I came into this world as a reject
Look into these eyes, then you'll see the size of the flames (size of 'em!)
Dwellin' on the past, (past!) it's burnin' on my brain (hot!)
Every...  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...  Rise Against - "Savior" It kills me not to know this but I've all but just forgotten
What the color of her eyes were and her scars or how she got them
As the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropping
Through t...  Green Day - "Oh Yeah!" (Yeah I got it)

I'm in the crowd full of angels and demons
I'm looking out for the jingoes and heathens
Nobody move and nobody gonna get hurt
Reach for the sky with your face in the dirt

Everybody i...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "So Alone" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "So Alone"    Look at the crowd and tell me whether All are surrounded But none are together If you're awake, look all around At all of the people Still you're...  So alone So alone So alone So alone  If I could, I'd make a suggestion Without sounding preachy Or begging the question Melt with your minds Melt with each other Don't be surrounded Don't be...  So alone So alone So alone So alone  Kill! Fuck off! Hate! Die!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Rancid - "Hyena" I'm money broke and it's no joke can't core use the rope this time (Hey !!)
nuckel up buckel up the ride's getting rough but i will not loose my mind (Hey !!)
i asked'em if i could come in and the f...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Audioslave - "Man Or Animal" You give me a heart attack
You look like the summertime
You call me an artifact
But I'll save that for another time
I could be rich or poor
I don't need anymore

Keep your love inside the kitch...  Rise Against - "Injection" Do you spend your days counting the hours you're awake?
And when night covers the sky you find yourself doing the same
There's a burden you've been bearing in spite of all your prayers
There's a li...  Alice Cooper - "Billion Dollar Babies" Billion dollar baby
Rubber little lady, slicker than a weasel
Grimy as an alley
Loves me like no other lover

Billion dollar baby
Rubber little monster, baby, I adore you
Man or woman living couldn't ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Not The One" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Not The One"    I'm not the one who made the world what it is today I'm not the one who caused the problems started long ago But now I deal with all the consequence that troubles our times I carry on and never once have even questioned why  Yeah, yeah, I'm innocent But the weight of the world is on my shoulders Yeah, yeah, I'm innocent The battles started are far from over  We're not the ones who leave the homeless in the streets at night We're not the ones who've kept minorities and women down Still we grow and then the problems, they become our own We carry on without even realizing why  Yeah, yeah, we're innocent But the weight of the world is on our shoulders Yeah, yeah, we're innocent The battles left us are far from over  Yeah, yeah, we're innocent But the weight of the world is on our shoulders Yeah, yeah, we're innocent The battles left us are far from over  Yeah, yeah, we're innocent But the weight of the world is on our shoulders Yeah, yeah, we're innocent The battles left us are far from over  We're not the ones whose pollution blackened our skies and ruined our streams We're not the ones who made the nuclear bombs that threaten our lives We're not the ones who let the children starve in faraway lands We're not the ones who made the streets unsafe to walk at night And even if we try and not become too overwhelmed And if we make some contribution to the plight we see Still, our descendants will inherit our mistakes of today They'll suffer just the same as we and never wonder why!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Stone Temple Pilots - "Trippin' On A Hole In A Paper Heart" Don't cut out my paper heart
I ain't dyin' anyway 
Take a look at eye full towers
Never trust them dirty liars 

Sippin' lemon yellow booze
Old lead-belly sings the blues
All dressed up on wedding day...  Green Day - "Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)" Fuck...

Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go
So make the best of this test, and don't ask why
It's not a question, but a lesson learned...  Rancid - "Ruby Soho" Echoes of reggae comin' through my bedroom wall
havin' a party up next door but i'm sittin here all alone
two lovers in the bedroom and the other starts to shout
all i got is this blank stare and t...  White Zombie - "More Human Than Human" Yeah, I am the astro creep
A demolition style
Hell american freak, yeah
I am the crawling dead
A phantom in a box
Shadow in your head say
Acid, suicide freedom of the blast
Read the fucker lies, yeah
...  Nirvana - "Rape Me" Rape me
Rape me my friend
Rape me
Rape me again

I'm not the only one Hate me
Do it and do it again
Waste me
Rape me my friend

I'm not the only one My favorite inside source
I'll kiss your...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Smash" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Smash"    Head over heels I've fit in before Now I don't want to do it no more I held it all in with blood on my face Built it up, man, so bad you can taste  I don't slag no one, I don't even judge Don't give me shit 'cause I'm not gonna budge I just want to be who I want to be Guess that's hard for others to see  I'm not a trendy asshole I do what I want I do what I feel like I'm not a trendy asshole I don't give a fuck If it's good enough for you 'Cause I'm alive  Smash is the way you feel all alone Like an outcast you're out on your own Smash is the way you deal with your life Like an outcast you're smashing your strife  Head over heels I've fit in before Now I don't want to do it no more I just want to be who I want to be Guess that's hard for others to see  I'm not a trendy asshole I do what I want I do what I feel like I'm not a trendy asshole I don't give a fuck If it's good enough for you 'Cause I'm alive  Head over heels I've fit in before Now I don't want to do it no more I just want to be who I want to be Guess that's hard for others to see  I'm not a trendy asshole I do what I want I do what I feel like I'm not a trendy asshole I don't give a fuck If it's good enough for you  I'm not a trendy asshole I do what I want I do what I feel like I'm not a trendy asshole I don't give a fuck If it's good enough for you 'Cause I'm alive I'm alive I'm alive  There I hope you enjoyed our time together today You know, it seems harder and harder to just sit back and enjoy the finer things in life Well, till next time Ta-ta!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Smash" (1994)  Time To Relax  Nitro (Youth Energy)  Bad Habit  Gotta Get Away  Genocide  Something To Believe In  Come Out And Play  Self Esteem  It'll Be A Long Time  Killboy Powerhead  What Happened To You  So Alone  Not The One  Smash     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "I Hope You Die" ...You must die I alone am best!
I hope ya flip some guy the bird,
He cuts you off and you're forced to swerve,
In front of the Beatles' tour bus,
A Bookmobile and a Mack truck,
Hauling hazardous...  Bad Religion - "Stranger Than Fiction" a febrile shocking violent smack
the children are hoping for a heart attack,
tonight the windows are watching,
the streets all conspire,
and the lamppost can't stop crying,
if I could fly high ab...  Tenacious D - "Tribute" This is the greatest and best song in the world.
Tribute.

Long time ago me and my brother Kyle here:
We was hitchhikin' down a long and lonesome road.
All of a sudden, there shined a shiny demon in t...  Flogging Molly - "Drunken Lullabies" Must it take a life for hateful eyes
To glisten once again
Five hundred years like Gelignite
Have blown us all to hell
What savior rests while on his cross we die
Forgotten freedom burns
Has the...  Stone Sour - "Absolute Zero" The bloody angle, the symmetry
Your cheap adhesive isn't holding me
My mouth is a gun I can shoot, I can show you the truth
And I don't need a reason to lie to you

No pun intended, no punishment
If I...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Disclaimer" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Disclaimer"    Ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to the disclaimer! That's right, the disclaimer!  This American apple pie institution Known as parental discretion Will cleanse any sense of innuendo or sarcasm From the lyrics that might actually make you think, And will also insult your intelligence at the same time!  So protect your family! This album contains explicit depictions Of things which are real! These real things are commonly known as life! So if it sounds sarcastic, don't take it seriously! If it sounds dangerous, Do not try this at home, or at all! And if it offends you, just don't listen to it.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Last Resort" Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort
Suffocation, no breathing
Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
This is my last resort

Cut my life into pieces
I've reached my last resort
Suffocat...  Less Than Jake - "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" This is a fair request, and I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
You will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation judges people by their race,
their belief, or the...  Disturbed - "Guarded" Guarding yourself from the love of another
Left you with nothing tonight
Why does it sound like the devil is laughing
Leaving me haunted tonight
You did decide

Now I want you, when you're gone,...  Zebrahead - "Hell Yeah!" Hell Yeah! Woooooo

Punk rock, trippin' with the flavour of hip hop
Spittin' out venom as I'm watching all your heads bob
Representing for the outcasts and the have nots
Fiending to find light in...  Rage Against The Machine - "Testify" UGH!

The movie ran through me
The glamour subdue me
The tabloid untie me
I'm empty please fill me
Mister anchor assure me
That Baghdad is burning
Your voice it is so soothing
That cunning mantra of k...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The Meaning Of Life" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The Meaning Of Life"    On the way Trying to get where I'd like to stay I'm always feeling steered away By someone trying to tell me What to say and do I don't want it I gotta go find my own way Gotta go make my own mistakes Sorry man for feeling Feeling the way I do  Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and they'll shove in their meaning of life Oh yeah, oh yeah Not for me, I'll do it on my own Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and swallow their meaning of life  Can't make it work your way Thanks but no thanks  Whoaaaaahhhhhhhh  By the way I know your path has been tried and so It may seem like the way to go Me, I'd rather be found Trying something new And the bottom line In all of this seems to say There's no right and wrong way Sorry if I don't feel like Living the way you do  Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and they'll shove in their meaning of life Oh yeah, oh yeah Not for me, I'll do it on my own Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and swallow their meaning of life  Can't make it work your way Thanks but no thanks  Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and they'll shove in their meaning of life Oh yeah, oh yeah Not for me, I'll do it on my own Oh yeah, oh yeah Open wide and swallow their meaning of life  Can't make it work your way Thanks but no thanks  Whoaaaaahhhhhhhh                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Big Me" When I talk about it
Carries on
Reasons only knew
When I talk about it
Aries or treasons all renew

Big me to talk about it
I could stand to prove
If we can get around it
I know that it's true

Well I...  System Of A Down - "B.Y.O.B." Why do they always send the poor?

Barbarisms by Barbaras
With pointed heels
Victorious, victories kneel
For brand new spankin' deals
Marching forward hypocritic
And hypnotic computers

You depend on ...  Dropkick Murphys - "The State Of Massachusetts" She had excuses and she chose to use them
She was the victim of unspeakable abuses
Her husband was violent, malicious and distant
Her kids now belong to the state of Massachusetts

They've been t...  The Living End - "Carry Me Home" He's gonna get you in the end
Then he'll be your only friend
There's nothing that'll save your soul
All you need is alcohol

Step right up and be a man
On your knees and pray
Freedoms just anot...  Royal Republic - "Full Steam Spacemachine" Dress up for love
I'm coming from above
I keep my motor clean
Look up - below
All systems go
Full steam spacemachine

Dress up for love now
Dress up for love
("going to a place above")

I keep my moto...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Mota" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Mota"    Mota! Everyday, well it's the same That bong that's on the table starts to call My name I take a hit and zone out again I'll be paranoid and hungry by a quarter to ten Watching reruns on my TV I'm laughing off my ass at Three's Company I don't know if I'm understood Buy hearing Jimmy Buffett never sounded so good Your memory's gone and so is your life (your life)  Mota Boy But losing out just never felt so right Your enemy's you and so is your life (your life) Mota Boy But losing out might feel okay all night Mota!  I'm driving down to the barrio Going 15 miles an hour cause I'm already stoned Give the guy a twenty and wait in the car He tosses me a baggie then he runs real far I take a hit but it smells like a clove Oh fuck I got a baggie of oregano This ritual is destroying me But I guess it could be worse It could be methedrine  Your memory's gone and so is your life (your life) Mota Boy But losing out just never felt so right Your enemy's you and your couch is your life (Your Life)  Mota Boy But losing out might take Losing out might take you all night Mota! Losing out might feel okay all night Yeah losing out might feel okay all life                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Misfits - "Dig Up Her Bones" Anything is what she is
Anywhere is where she's from
Anything is what she'll be
Anything as long as it's mine

And the door it opens is the way back in
Or is it the way back out?

Anyplace is where sh...  System Of A Down - "Toxicity" Conversion, software version 7.0
Looking at life through the eyes of a tire hub

Eating seeds as a pastime activity
The toxicity of our city, of our city

New, what do you own the world?
How do you ow...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Rise Against - "Hero Of War" He said "Son, have you seen the world?
Well, what would you say if I said that you could?
Just carry this gun and you'll even get paid"
I said "That sounds pretty good"

Black leather boots
Spit-shine...  NOFX - "We Called It America" "The leads are weak."
"The leads are weak; fucking leads are weak? You're weak."

Remember when America had a middle class and an upper class? 
That was way before the exodus.
That was the America tha...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Me And My Old Lady" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Me And My Old Lady"    She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain  Me and my old lady Lay in bed all day And when I say I love her, well She rolls the other way But really she don't mean it Everything she says Still, if I believe in love There's nothing wrong There's nothing wrong with my head  Me and my old lady Sit and sip on wine And when she says she loves me, well I say that love is blind But really I don't mean it Everything I say Still, if she believes in love There's nothing wrong There's nothing wrong with her head  So what if we're making a scene now? You know she don't give a shit (Oh) When she's pawin' and grabbin' on me now You know I don't mind a bit It's all good and we ain't gonna change now The world is unaware (Oh) So if you want, go on and stare 'Cause we don't care We don't care (Shout!)  She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and! She ain't no ball and!  Me and my old lady Suck each other dry And when in that position, I'm The luckiest man alive Quenching our libidos Passing time away Now that we believe in love There's nothing wrong There's nothing wrong with our heads  So what if we're making a scene now? You know she don't give a shit When she's pawin' and grabbin' on me now You know I don't mind a bit It's all good and we ain't gonna change now The world is unaware (Oh) So if you want, go on and stare 'Cause we don't care We don't care (Shout!)  She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and chain She ain't no ball and! She ain't no ball and!  Who-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Who-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Who-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Who-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Spiders" The piercing radiant moon (The piercing radiant moon)
The storming of poor June (Storming of poor June)
All the life running through her hair (Through her hair)

Approaching guiding light (Approaching...  Green Day - "American Idiot" Don't wanna be an American idiot
Don't want a nation under the new mania
And can you hear the sound of hysteria?
The subliminal mind fuck America

Welcome to a new kind of tension
All across the alien...  Bloodhound Gang - "Something Diabolical" Eventide rise for ritual
With the thrill of a kill vengefully the engine will
Roar forth steer the dead leave forced
Driven by fear shift gears veer towards
The foolishly equipped swift these
Fai...  Anthrax - "Got The Time" Wake up, got another day to get
Through now, got another man to see
Gotta call him on the telephone AY-O
Gotta find a piece of paper
Sit down, got another letter to write
Think hard, gotta get a lette...  Pennywise - "Peaceful Day" Listen up everyone there's something wrong
We got the answers in our sights now
But somehow still we struggle along
Looking for solutions in a threatening sky
But we never get an answer 
Just a c...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Cool To Hate" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Cool To Hate"    I hate a lot of things, I hate a lot of people that are lame I like to hate stuff 'cause then I don't have to try to make a change  I hate teachers, I hate school I hate the cheerleaders and anyone who's cool, yeah I hate the office, I hate the Quad Don't want to learn nothing, I want to be a slob  It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Don't like nothing and I like that fine It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Don't like nothing and I like that fine Don't like nothing and I like that fine  Yeah I hate everything, I even hate you too, so fuck you  I'm always thinking that I never have nothing good to say I'd rather tear things down than build them up, it's easier that way  I hate the jocks and I hate the geeks I hate the trendies, but I also hate the freaks, yeah I hate Dr. Martens and Muscle T's I'm only happy when I'm in my misery  It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Liking something's just a waste of time It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Liking something's just a waste of time Liking something's just a waste of time  Yeah I hate everything, I even hate me too so fuck you  Hey! Hey! Hey!  It's cool to hate It's cool to hate It's cool to hate It's cool to hate  I'll cut you down and give you lip Being positive's so unhip I'll cut you down 'cause I'm a fool Being positive's so uncool Being positive's so uncool Being positive's so uncool  So! I hate the jocks and I hate the geeks I hate the trendies, but I also hate the freaks, yeah I hate your band and I hate TV I'm only happy when I'm in my misery  It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Don't like nothing and I like that fine It's cool to hate, it's cool to hate (Hey! Ho-oh) Don't like nothing and I like that fine Don't like nothing and I like that fine  Yeah I hate everything, I even hate you too, so fuck you                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dammit" It's alright 
to tell me 
what you think 
about me
I won't try 
to argue 
or hold it 
against you
I know that 
you're leaving 
you must have 
your reasons
The season 
is calling 
and your pictures 
ar...  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  Sugarcult - "Los Angeles" I want a girl, girl that won't talk back
And a job, job that gives me slack
And a car, car that won't break down
In the heat of Los Angeles
I want to go, go without a map
Far away, away, I won't ...  Queens Of The Stone Age - "3's & 7's" Lie, lie to my face
Tell me it ain't nothing
That's what I wanna hear

Take the lie to the grave
That's what an old friend told me
Look what it did for him

The truth hurts so bad
Wouldn't you say? So...  AFI - "Twisted Tongues" We watched the world
Turn itself backward
Now, in reverse
You spit out big words
Over a low sun
Undo the undone

You talk in twisted tongues
Of an absolving curse
You talk in twisted tongues
I whisper...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Leave It Behind" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Leave It Behind"    Rage that burns, can't push it aside now Can't forgive, this grudge is alive now All the rage eats you up inside  Can you leave it behind? Leave it behind  What a surprise, you're fucked with again, yeah! It's a way of life you need to get over All the rage just eats you alive  Can you leave it behind? Leave it behind  I don't know where it'll end The sun has set and I can't be friends I don't know if I can forgive The day is long, but you were so dead wrong  What a surprise, you're fucked with again, yeah! It's a way of life you need to get over All the rage just eats you alive  Can you leave it behind? Leave it behind  I don't know where it'll end The sun has set and I can't be friends I don't know if I can forgive The day is long, but you were so dead wrong  I don't know where it'll end The sun has set and I can't be friends I don't know if I can forgive The day is long, but you were so dead wrong                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Brian McTernan, Kenneth Olden       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dumpweed" It's understood, I said it many ways
Too scared to run, I'm too scared to stay
I said I'd leave, but I could never leave her
And if I did, you know I'd never cheat her
But this I ask, it's what I want...  Goldfinger - "99 Red Balloons" You and I in a little toy shop
buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got
Set them free at the break of dawn
'Til one by one, they were gone

Back at base, bugs in the software
Flash the message, ...  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  Nirvana - "Scentless Apprentice" Like most babies smell like butter
His smell smelled like no other
He was born scentless and senseless
He was born a scentless apprentice

Go away! Go away! Go away!

Every wet nurse refused to feed h...  Rise Against - "I Don't Want To Be Here Anymore" On pins and needles we are waiting for the fall
We count the days scratching lines on the wall
Wait in the wings at someone’s beck and call

No longer recognize the place that I call home
No longer re...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Gone Away" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Gone Away"    Maybe in another life I could find you there Pulled away before your time I can't deal it's so unfair  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it feels Yeah it feels like The world has grown cold Now that you've gone away  Leaving flowers on your grave Show that I still care Black roses and Hail Marys Can't bring back what's taken from me  I reach to the sky And call out your name And if I could trade I would  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it stings Yeah it stings now The world is so cold Now that you've gone away Gone away Gone away  I'd save your soul  I reach to the sky And call out your name Oh, please, let me trade I would  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it feels Yeah it feels like The world has grown cold Now that you've gone away Gone away Gone away                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Grace for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)    album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Stone Temple Pilots - "Vasoline" One time a thing occurred to me
What's real, and what's for sale?
Blew a kiss and tried to take it home

Isn't you, isn't me
Search for things that you can't see
Going blind, out of reach
Somewhere in...  Foo Fighters - "Monkey Wrench" What have we done with innocence?
It disappeared with time, it never made much sense
Adolescent resident
Wasting another night on planning my revenge

One in ten
One in ten
One in ten

Don't want to b...  P.O.D. - "Youth Of The Nation" Last day of the rest of my life
I wish I would've known
'Cause I didn't kiss my mama goodbye

I didn't tell her that I loved her and how much I cared
Or thank my pops for all the talks
And all the wis...  Beastie Boys - "Sabotage" I can't stand it I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
Because your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonde...  Bad Religion - "21st Century (Digital Boy)" I can't believe it: the way you look sometimes
Like a trampled flag on a city street, oh yeah
And I don't want it: the things you're offering me
Symbolized bar code, quick ID, oh yeah

'Cause I'm a 21...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "I Choose" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "I Choose"    Look at me I'm falling off of a cliff now I can still hear my mama yelling "No! No! No!" But the words mean nothing, can't catch up to me now The view is so beautiful all the way down When I was a little boy sucking juice from a bottle Believing my perceptions were oh so real But I didn't know nothing, still knowing nothing Was just enough for me to know the way I feel  This is life What a fucked-up thing we do What a nightmare come true Or a playground if we choose And I choose  Look at me I'm swollen like a banana fish now I'm never going to make it, make it out of my hole But I keep on laughing, doesn't really matter There's dozens of reasons for explaining my soul When I was a teenager sucking booze with the Vatos Discussing who was gonna live to be 21 They said they wouldn't make it, they didn't make it We're all naked when the day is said and done  This is life What a fucked-up thing we do What a nightmare come true Or a playground if we choose And I choose  Don't know who made this all come true Now while you're here, just gotta do What you gotta do One, two, three, four!  Ooh whoa-oh whoa-oh whoa-oh  Now if I wasn't such a weenie, do you think you'd still love me? Pretending I'm an airplane on the living room floor Like a lovely generator, you stand right by me And if words were wisdom, I'd be talking even more So I keep on falling as I'm looking back above me Watching as my mama just becomes a little dot Now I'm, I'm like DeNiro, I'm Amarillo And I'll never know when I hit the ground  This is life What a fucked-up thing we do What a nightmare come true Or a playground if we choose And I choose Yeah, choose  And I choose...                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  Green Day - "Warning" This is a public service announcement, this is only a test
Emergency evacuation protest
"May impair your ability to operate machinery"
Can't quite tell just what it means to me
Keep out of reach of ch...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Hot Action Cop - "Fever For The Flava" Do you think that I can get some jiggy jiggy
Maybe gets a little finger sticky sticky
You my electrical lip balm flavor
I gotta do ya until the next song saves ya
And can I get a little zip zip lo...  Audioslave - "Doesn't Remind Me" I walk the streets of Japan till I get lost
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything
With a graveyard tan carrying a cross
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything

I like studying faces in a parking lot
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Intermission" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Intermission"    Welcome to intermission  Yea... Intermission  Ahhhhhhhh...  Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "The Rock Show" Hanging out behind the club on the weekend
Acting stupid, getting drunk with my best friends
I couldn't wait for the summer and the Warped Tour
I remember it's the first time that I saw her there

She...  Dead Kennedys - "Soup Is Good Food" We're sorry
But you're no longer needed
Or wanted
Or even cared about here 
Machines can do a better job than you
This is what you get for asking questions 

The unions agree
'Sacrifices must ...  System Of A Down - "Soldier Side" Dead men lying on the bottom of the grave
Wondering when Savior comes, is he gonna be saved
Maybe you're a sinner into your alternate life
Maybe you're a joker, maybe you deserve to die

They were cry...  Me First And The Gimme Gimmes - "Phantom Of The Opera Song" In sleep he sang to me, in dreams he came
That voice which calls to me and speaks my name
And do I dream again? For now I find
The Phantom of the Opera is there inside my mind

Sing once again with me...  Royal Republic - "Underwear" New girl, hot girl on the new job
New boss Mr. Moore, he's a real snob
High heels, long legs, tight skirt, great skin
Inducing thoughts of sin
Involuntary action
His primitive satisfaction
Gets down, ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy                     









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "All I Want" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "All I Want"    Okay! Ya ya ya ya ya!  Day after day (Your home life's a wreck) The powers that be just breathe down your neck You get no respect (You get no relief) You gotta speak up and yell out your piece  So back off your rules, back off the jive 'Cause I'm sick of not living to stay alive Leave me alone, asking a lot I don't wanna be controlled  That's all I want That's all I want That's all I want That's all I want Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya!  How many times (Is it gonna take) 'Til someone around you hears what you say? You've tried being cool (You feel like a lie) You've played by their rules, now it's their turn to try  So back off your rules, back off your jive 'Cause I'm sick of not living to stay alive Leave me alone, not asking a lot Just don't want to be controlled  That's all I want That's all I want That's all I want That's all I want  I said it before I'll say it again If you could just listen Then it might make sense  So back off your rules, back off your jive 'Cause I'm sick of not living to stay alive Leave me alone, not asking a lot Just don't want to be controlled  That's all I want That's all I want That's all I want  Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dean Dinning, Todd Nichols, Glen Phillips, Randy Guss       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Hoobastank - "Crawling In The Dark" I will dedicate
And sacrifice my everything for just a second's worth
Of how my story's ending
And I wish I could know if the directions that I take
And all the choices that I make won't end up al...  System Of A Down - "Sugar" The kombucha mushroom people
Sitting around all day
Who can believe you?
Who can believe you?
Let your mother pray

Sugar!
Sugar!

I'm not there all the time, you know
Some people, some people, some p...  Less Than Jake - "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" This is a fair request, and I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
You will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation judges people by their race,
their belief, or the...  Megadeth - "Symphony Of Destruction" You take a mortal man
And put him in control
Watch him become a god
Watch people's heads a-roll
A-roll, A-roll

Just like the Pied Piper
Led rats through the streets
We dance like marionettes
Swaying ...  Motorhead - "Ace Of Spades" If you like to gamble, I tell you I'm your man,
You win some, lose some, it's all the same to me,
The pleasure is to play, makes no difference what you say,
I don't share your greed, the only card I n...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Way Down The Line" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Way Down The Line"    Nothing changes 'cause it's all the same The world you get's the one you give away It all just happens again way down the line  There is a chain that's never broken You know the story, it's sad but true An angry man gets drunk and beats his kids The same old way his drunken father did What comes around, well, it goes around  Nothing changes 'cause it's all the same The world you get's the one you give away It all just happens again way down the line  At 17 Shannon is pregnant Young as her mom when she had her Her kid is never gonna have a dad The same old way that Shannon never had What comes around, well, it goes around  Nothing changes 'cause it's all the same The world you get's the one you give away It all just happens again way down the line And all the things you learn when you're a kid You'll fuck up just like your parents did It all just happens again way down the line  And welfare moms have kids on welfare And fat parents, they have fat kids too You know it's never gonna end The same old cycle's gonna start again What comes around, well, it goes around  Nothing changes 'cause it's all the same The world you get's the one you give away It all just happens again way down the line And all the things you learn when you're a kid You'll fuck up just like your parents did It all just happens again way down the line                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland, Pete Parada       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  System Of A Down - "Roulette" I have a problem that I cannot explain,
I have no reason why it should have been so plain,
Have no questions but I sure have excuse,
I lack the reason why I should be so confused,

I know, how I feel ...  Yellowcard - "Way Away" I think I'm breaking out
I'm gonna leave you now
There's nothing for me here, it's all the same
And even though I know 
That everything might go
Go downhill from here, I'm not afraid

Way away ...  Sum 41 - "We're All To Blame" Take everything left from me
All!
To!
Blame!

How can we still succeed, taking what we don't need?
Telling lies, alibis, selling all the hate that we breed
Super-size our tragedies! (You can't define ...  Foo Fighters - "Waiting On A War" I've been waiting on a war since I was young
Since I was a little boy with a toy gun
Never really wanted to be number one
Just wanted to love everyone

Is there more to this than that?
Is there more t...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Don't Pick It Up" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Don't Pick It Up"    Don't pick it up, yo!  I saw a little kid as he walked around He picked a candy bar up off the ground He chowed about a half then his face turned blue Turned out that candy bar was a doggy-doo  (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say (Whoa-oh) Unless you can throw it away (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say You're gonna be bummed that you went that way  You're out there makin' bacon, no scrutiny You mess around too much and you got VD You know you never think and you're sore today You're gonna take it back to California-yay  (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say (Whoa-oh) Unless you can throw it away (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say You're gonna be bummed that you went that way  Don't! Don't! Don't! Don't! (Pick it up! Pick it up! Pick it up! Pick it up!) So...  My friend was kinda hurtin' a girl to try He saw one that looked like Pat on Saturday Night Live It had a pair of thingies, a mustache too Not clearly male nor female, so what to do  (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say (Whoa-oh) Unless you can throw it away (Whoa-oh) Don't pick it up I say You're gonna be bummed that you went that way                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Lost In Hollywood" I'll wait here,
You're crazy,
Those vicious streets are filled with strays,
You should have never gone to Hollywood.

They find you,
Two-time you,
Say you're the best they've ever seen,
You should ha...  Bad Religion - "Let Them Eat War" There's a prophet on a mountain and he's making up dinner 
With long division and writing crop 
Anybody can feel like a winner 
When it's served up piping hot 

But the people aren't looking for ...  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...  Me First And The Gimme Gimmes - "Wild World" Now that I've lost everything to you
You say you wanna start something new
And it's breaking my heart that you're leaving
Baby I'm grieving
But if you wanna leave, take good care
Hope you have a lot o...  Green Day - "Oh Yeah!" (Yeah I got it)

I'm in the crowd full of angels and demons
I'm looking out for the jingoes and heathens
Nobody move and nobody gonna get hurt
Reach for the sky with your face in the dirt

Everybody i...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Amazed" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Amazed"    Sometimes I think I'm gonna drown 'Cause everyone around's so hollow And I'm alone Sometimes I think I'm going down But no one makes a sound, they follow And I'm alone  (Oh) Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah (No) Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah  Yeah, if I make it I'd be amazed Just to find tomorrow Yeah, one more day and I'd be amazed Just to see it waiting Yeah, and if I make it, I'm still alone No more hope for better days If I could change Then I'd really be amazed  And when you know you can't relate To one more shiny face, your heart breaks And no one cares And when you know you can't go on 'Cause everything is wrong, your heart breaks And no one's there  (Oh) Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah (No) Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah  Yeah, if I make it I'd be amazed Just to find tomorrow Yeah, one more day and I'd be amazed Just to see it waiting Yeah, and if I make it, I'm still alone No more hope for better days If I could change Then I'd really be amazed  Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah  Yeah, if I make it I'd be amazed Just to find tomorrow Yeah, one more day and I'd be amazed Just to see it waiting Yeah, and if I make it, I'm still alone No more hope for better days If I could change Then I'd really be amazed                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Big Me" When I talk about it
Carries on
Reasons only knew
When I talk about it
Aries or treasons all renew

Big me to talk about it
I could stand to prove
If we can get around it
I know that it's true

Well I...  System Of A Down - "Deer Dance" Circumventing circuses
Lamenting in protest
Invisible police
Presence-sponsored fear
Battalions of riot police
With rubber bullet kisses
Baton courtesy
Service with a smile

Beyond the staples center ...  Smashing Pumpkins - "The Everlasting Gaze" You know I'm not dead 
Now you know where I've been 
As you sleep 
Torn I am 
Weighted down 
Patiently 
Born of love 
You know I'm not dead 
I'm just living in my head 
Forever waiting 
On t...  Less Than Jake - "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" This is a fair request, and I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
You will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation judges people by their race,
their belief, or the...  A Perfect Circle - "Passive" "Dead as dead can be," my doctor tells me
But I just can't believe him, ever the optimistic one
I'm sure of your ability to become my perfect enemy
Wake up and face me, don't play dead cause maybe
Som...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Change The World" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Change The World"    I see the way the salesmen Stare into the sun I stood and watched them as they Fell off one by one And everyone's so blind They're not to help mankind Reach into your bag of tricks and Pull another one  Whoa-oh! You don't Wanna change the world like you say Whoa-oh! In it For yourself, no one else  (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world  Now when the day is set they'll Line up all the same And those that need the most will Never get or gain The ones you call your friends Are failing you again Reach into your bag of tricks and Make it go away  Whoa-oh! You don't Wanna change the world like you say Whoa-oh! In it For yourself, no one else  (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world  (Whoa-oh) And since you ain't what you say Then just go away 'Cause some don't lie Some don't lie  Go on now, they won't tell Go on now, save yourself Go on now, they won't tell Go on now, save yourself Go on now, they won't tell Go on now, save yourself Go on now, they won't tell Go on now, save yourself  (I said) Whoa-oh! You don't Wanna change the world like you say Whoa-oh! In it For yourself, no one else  (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world (Whoa-oh!) You're ready, saving yourself You're gonna change the world  (Whoa-oh) And since you ain't what you say Then just go away 'Cause some don't lie Some don't lie  I think you guys should try heavy metal Kiss my ass! Ha, ha, ha, ha                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Last Resort" Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort
Suffocation, no breathing
Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
This is my last resort

Cut my life into pieces
I've reached my last resort
Suffocat...  Audioslave - "Gasoline" House is haunted
I just want to go for a ride
Out and on
Before I set this room alight
Left alone forever and for crimes unclear
With my patience gone
Someone take me far from here. Yeah

Burning that...  Green Day - "American Idiot" Don't wanna be an American idiot
Don't want a nation under the new mania
And can you hear the sound of hysteria?
The subliminal mind fuck America

Welcome to a new kind of tension
All across the alien...  Queens Of The Stone Age - "I Sat By The Ocean" I sat by the ocean and drank a potion, baby to erase you
Face down in the Boulevard, yet I couldn't face you
There ain't no use in crying It doesn't change anything
So baby what good does it do?
Your ...  Good Charlotte - "Lifestyles Of The Rich & Famous" Always see it on TV
Or read it in the magazines
Celebrities want sympathy
All they do is piss and moan
Inside the Rolling Stone
Talkin' about how hard life can be

I'd like to see them spend a week
Li...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Cocktail" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Cocktail"    When building a molotov cocktail Don't think of it as "Just a bomb" Be creative, express yourself Put a little bit of yourself in each one But remember kids, safety first... OK! Let's get started! Take an empty milk bottle Full it full with gasoline Stuff a gassed soap rag into the mouth of the bottle You cork the top and presto! You're gonna have a fun-filled night tonight, believe me You're gonna be the life of the party With this little goodie Be safe kids, and have a blast                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Lachlan.Birt for adding these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)        Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Welcome" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Welcome"    Welcome to Americana Please make your selection followed by the pound sign now                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Everlong" Hello
I've waited here for you
Everlong
Tonight
I throw myself into
And out of the red
Out of her head she sang

Come down
And waste away with me
Down with me
Slow how
You wanted it to be
I'm over my ...  Bowling For Soup - "Girl All The Bad Guys Want" 8 o'clock, Monday night and I'm waitin' 
To finally talk to a girl a little cooler than me. 
Her name is Nona, she's a rocker with a nose ring, 
She wears a two way, but I'm not quite sure what tha...  Audioslave - "Like A Stone" On a cobweb afternoon in a room full of emptiness
By a freeway, I confess I was lost in the pages
Of a book full of death, reading how we'll die alone
And if we're good, we'll lay to rest anywhere we ...  Yellowcard - "Lights And Sounds" Hello, you, how was the rest?
You made it through, but nevertheless
I got you out on a wire.
You be love and I’ll be a liar.

Tell it all and fill up the air,
But make it loud cause nobody’s the...  Stone Sour - "Through Glass" I'm looking at you through the glass
Don't know how much time has passed
Oh, god it feels like forever
But no one ever tells you
That forever feels like home
Sitting all alone inside your head 'Cause ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Have You Ever" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Have You Ever"    Falling, I'm falling  Have you ever walked through a room But it was more like the room passed around you Like there was a leash around your neck that pulled you through  Have you ever been at someplace Recognizing everybody's face Until you realized that there was no one there you knew Well I know  Some days, my soul's confined and out of mind Sleep forever Some days, I'm so outshined and out of time Have you ever  Falling, I'm falling  Have you ever buried your face in your hands Cause no one around you understands Or has the slightest idea what it is that makes you be  Have you ever felt like there was more Like someone else was keeping score And what could make you whole was simply out of reach Well I know  Someday I'll try again and not pretend This time forever Someday I'll get it straight but not today Have you ever  Falling, I'm falling  Some days, my soul's confined and out of mind Sleep forever Some days, my darkest friend is me again Have you ever Someday I'll try again and not pretend This time forever Someday I'll get it straight but not today Have you ever  When the truth walks away Everybody stays Cause the truth about the world is that crime does pay  So if you walk away Who is gonna stay Cause I'd like to think the world is a better place  When the truth walks away Everybody stays Cause the truth about the world is that crime does pay  So if you walk away Who is gonna stay Cause I'd like to make the world be a better place  When the truth walks away Everybody stays Cause the truth about the world is that crime does pay  So if you walk away Who is gonna stay Cause I'd like to think the world is a better place I'd like to leave the world as a better place I'd like to think the world                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  New Found Glory - "My Friends Over You" I'm drunk off your kiss
For another night in a row
This is becoming too routine for me
But I didn't mean to lead you on
And it's alright to pretend
That we still talk
It's just for show, isn't it?
It'...  AFI - "The Boy Who Destroyed The World" Once there was boy who had vibrant glow, but as it goes, someone took it from him.
One day through the rain I heard him meekly moan, he said
"Will you wrap your arms around me as I'm falling?"
Reme...  Wolfmother - "Woman" Woman
You know you're a woman
You got to be a woman
I got the feeling of love

When you're talking to me
You see right through me
I got the feeling of love

She's a woman
You know what I mea...  Papa Roach - "Hollywood Whore" Hollywood whore,
Passed out on the floor,
I'm sorry but the party's over.

Cocaine nose,
And trendy clothes,
Gotta send her to rehab.
She found out she's got no soul,
But it really doesn't bot...  Billy Talent - "Reckless Paradise" Stuck in a crisis
Without a conscience
Trapped in a place we don't belong
There's no more heroes
Left to believe in
They've pushed our backs against the wall

I know that something has to change
We go...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Staring At The Sun" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Staring At The Sun"    Maybe life is like a ride on a freeway Dodging bullets while you're trying to find your way Everyone's around, but no one does a damn thing It brings me down, but I won't let them  If I seem bleak Well you'd be correct And if I don't speak It's cause I can't disconnect But I won't be burned by the reflection Of the fire in your eyes As you're staring at the sun  As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun  When I ran I didn't feel like a runaway When I escaped I didn't feel like I got away There's more to living than only surviving Maybe I'm not there, but I'm still trying  Though you hear me I don't think that you relate My will is something That you can't confiscate So forgive me, but I won't be frustrated By destruction in your eyes As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun  When I ran I didn't feel like a runaway When I escaped I didn't feel like I got away There's more to living than only surviving Maybe I'm not there, but I'm still trying  Though you hear me I don't think that you relate My will is something That you can't confiscate So forgive me, but I won't be frustrated By destruction in your eyes As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun  Maybe life is like a ride on a freeway Dodging bullets while you're trying to find your way Everyone's around, but no one does a damn thing It brings me down, but I won't let them  If I seem bleak Well you'd be correct And if I don't speak It's cause I can't disconnect But I won't be burned by the reflection Of the fire in your eyes As you're staring at the sun  As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun As you're staring at the sun                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Terryio for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Slipknot - "Wait And Bleed" I've felt the hate rise up in me
Kneel down and clear the stone of leaves
I wander out where you can't see
Inside my shell, I wait and bleed

I've felt the hate rise up in me
Kneel down and clear the ...  System Of A Down - "Toxicity" Conversion, software version 7.0
Looking at life through the eyes of a tire hub

Eating seeds as a pastime activity
The toxicity of our city, of our city

New, what do you own the world?
How do you ow...  Skindred - "Nobody" My sound we come to take over
M.C., you better look over your shoulder
Yea we know we on and on,
Oh well now

Nuff ah them ah come an them ah try dog we out,
Born down pill we are the ruffneck scouts
...  Iron Maiden - "Run To The Hills" White man came across the sea
He brought us pain and misery
He killed our tribes, he killed our creed
He took our game for his own need

We fought him hard, we fought him well
Out on the plains we gav...  Good Charlotte - "The River" As I walk through the valley
Of the shadow of L.A.
The footsteps that were next to me
Have gone their separate ways

I've seen enough now to know that beautiful things
Don't always stay that way
I've ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)"     [German-sounding nonsense:] Gunter glieben glauten globen  Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And all the girlies say I'm pretty fly For a white guy. Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, cinco, seis.  You know it's kind of hard Just to get along today. Our subject isn't cool, But he fakes it anyway. He may not have a clue; And he may not have style. But everything he lacks Well he makes up in denial.  So don't debate, a player straight You know he really doesn't get it anyway. gotta play the field, and keep it real. For you no way, for you no way. So if you don't rate, just overcompensate. At least you'll know you can always go on Ricki Lake. The world needs wannabes. (Hey! Hey!) do that brand new thing.  Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And all the girlies say I'm pretty fly For a white guy.  He needs some cool tunes Not just any will suffice. But they didn't have Ice Cube So he bought Vanilla Ice. Now cruising in his Pinto, he sees homies as he pass. But if he looks twice They're gonna kick his lily ass.  So don't debate, a player straight You know he really doesn't get it anyway. gotta play the field, and keep it real. For you no way, for you no way. So if you don't rate, just overcompensate. At least you'll know you can always go on Ricki Lake. The world loves wannabes. (Hey! Hey!) do that brand new thing  Now he's getting a tattoo. Yeah he's gettin' ink done. He asked for a '13', but they drew a '31'. Friends say he's trying too hard And he's not quite hip. But in his own mind He's the—he's the dopest trip.  Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, cinco, seis.  So don't debate, a player straight You know he really doesn't get it anyway. gotta play the field, and keep it real. For you no way, for you no way. So if you don't rate, just overcompensate. At least you'll know you can always go on Ricki Lake. The world needs wannabes. the world loves wannabes. let's get some more wannabes. And (Hey! Hey!) do that brand new thing.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Weezer - "Buddy Holly" What's with these homies, dissing my girl?
Why do they gotta front?
What did we ever do to these guys
That made them so violent?

Woo-hoo, but you know I'm yours
Woo-hoo, and I know you're mine
Woo-ho...  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  System Of A Down - "Spiders" The piercing radiant moon (The piercing radiant moon)
The storming of poor June (Storming of poor June)
All the life running through her hair (Through her hair)

Approaching guiding light (Approaching...  Yellowcard - "Lights And Sounds" Hello, you, how was the rest?
You made it through, but nevertheless
I got you out on a wire.
You be love and I’ll be a liar.

Tell it all and fill up the air,
But make it loud cause nobody’s the...  Blink-182 - "I Really Wish I Hated You" I don't really like myself without you
Every song I sing is still about you
Save me from myself the way you used to
'Cause I don't really like myself without you
I really wish I hated you

A little dr...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The Kids Aren't Alright" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The Kids Aren't Alright"    When we were young the future was so bright The old neighborhood was so alive And every kid on the whole damn street Was gonna make it big and not be beat  Now the neighborhood's cracked and torn The kids are grown up but their lives are worn How can one little street Swallow so many lives?  Chances thrown Nothing's free Longing for what used to be Still it's hard Hard to see Fragile lives, shattered dreams Go!  Jamie had a chance, well she really did Instead she dropped out and had a couple of kids Mark still lives at home 'cause he's got no job He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot  Jay committed suicide Brandon OD'd and died What the hell is going on The cruelest dream, reality  Chances thrown Nothing's free Longing for what used to be Still it's hard Hard to see Fragile lives, shattered dreams Go!  Chances thrown Nothing's free Longing for what used to be Still it's hard Hard to see Fragile lives, shattered dreams                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Marilyn Manson - "The Beautiful People" And I don't want you and I don't need you
Don't bother to resist, or I'll beat you
It's not your fault that you're always wrong
The weak ones are there to justify the strong

The beautiful people, the...  The Presidents Of The United States Of America - "Lump" Lump sat alone in a boggy marsh
Totally emotionless except for her heart
Mud flowed up into lump's pajamas
She totally confused all the passing piranhas

She's lump, she's lump
She's in my head
She's ...  Audioslave - "Doesn't Remind Me" I walk the streets of Japan till I get lost
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything
With a graveyard tan carrying a cross
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything

I like studying faces in a parking lot
...  Metallica - "Nothing Else Matters" So close no matter how far
Couldn't be much more from the heart
Forever trusting who we are
And nothing else matters

Never opened myself this way
Life is ours, we live it our way
All these words I do...  +44 - "When Your Heart Stops Beating" Turn it up I never wanna go home
I only wanna be part of your breakdown
She got caught by the four on the floor
It picked her up and she'll never get let down

And now I can't stop thinking about...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Feelings" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Feelings"    Feelings Nothing more than feelings Trying to forget my Feelings of hate  Imagine Beating on your face Trying to forget my Feelings of hate  Feelings For all my life i'll feel it I wish I'd never met you You'll make me sick again  Feelings, oh oh feelings Of hate on my mind  Feelings Feelings like I never liked you Feelings like I want to kill you Live in my heart  Feelings Feelings like I wanna deck you Feelings like I've gotta get you Out of my life  Feelings, oh oh feelings The hate's in my eyes  Feelings, oh oh feelings You're not very nice                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Sum 41 - "In Too Deep" The faster we're falling, we're stopping and stalling
We're running in circles again
Just as things were looking up, you said it wasn't good enough
But still, we're trying one more time

Maybe we're j...  A Perfect Circle - "The Outsider" Help me if you can
It's just that this, this is not the way I'm wired
So could you please,

Help me understand why
You've given in to all these
Reckless dark desires

You're lying to yourself again
Su...  Bowling For Soup - "Almost" I almost got drunk at school at 14
Where I almost made out with the homecoming queen
Who almost went on to be Miss Texas
But lost to a slut with much bigger breastes
I almost dropped out to move to LA...  Serj Tankian - "Lie Lie Lie" My baby, my baby
let me know
because you love me, you love me
Let me go
and youre my lover, you pay me
Twice my size
And on your knees you lay
In my Thighs,

Take my hand and lets end it all,...  Volbeat - "I Only Wanna Be With You" I don't know what it is that makes me love you so
I only know I never want to let you go
Cause you started something
Oh can't you see
And ever since we met you've had a hold on me
It happens to be tru...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "She's Got Issues" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "She's Got Issues"    I'm seeing this girl and she just might be out of her mind Well she's got baggage and it's all the emotional kind She talks about closure and that validation bit I don't mean to be insensitive, but I really hate that shit  Oh man she's got issues And I'm gonna pay She thinks she's the victim Yeah  Now I know she'll feel abandoned If I don't stay over late And I know she's afraid to commit But it's only our second date  Oh man she's got issues And I'm gonna pay She says she's the victim But she takes it all out on me  I don't know why you're messed up I don't know why your whole life is a chore Just do me a favor And check your baggage at the door  Now she talks about her ex nonstop, but I don't mind But when she calls out his name in bed That's where I draw the line You told me a hundred times how your father left and he's gone But I wish you wouldn't call me daddy When we're gettin' it on  Oh man she's got issues And I'm gonna pay She's playing the victim And taking it all out on me My god she's got issues And I'm gonna pay  If you think I'm controlling Then why do you follow me around If you're not co-dependent Then why do you let others drag you down  I don't know why you're messed up I don't know why your whole life is a chore Just do me a favor And check your baggage at the door                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Silverchair - "Freak" No more maybes
Your baby's got rabies
Sitting on a ball
In the middle of the Andes

Yeah, I'm a freak of nature
Yeah, I'm a freak

If only I could be as cool as you
As cool as you

Body and soul, I'm ...  Incubus - "Pardon Me" Pardon me while I burst
Pardon me while I burst

A decade ago, I never thought I would be
At twenty-three on the verge of spontaneous combustion
Woe-is-me
But I guess that it comes with the territory
...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Jane's Addiction - "Been Caught Stealing" I've been caught stealing; 
once when I was 5... 
I enjoy stealing. 
It's just as simple as that.
Well, it's just a simple fact. 
When I want something,
I don't want to pay for it. 

I walk right thro...  Skid Row - "18 And Life" Ricky was a young boy, he had a heart of stone
Lived nine to five and worked his fingers to the bone
Just barely out of school, came from the edge of town
Fought like a switchblade so no one could ta...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Walla Walla" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Walla Walla"    Goodbye my friend, you've messed up again You're going to prison, you're off to the pen You've gotten off easy so many times But I guess no one told you how to get a life  The judge wasn't lenient like he was before You got three to five and a kick out the door The public defender really did try Too little, too late, you didn't get a life  Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Folsom prison is the destination Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time In the scheme of life, we're all just brothers Rehabilitate with all the others Well, I'll see ya  That car looked so tempting, so easy to drive Just like that apartment that you burglarized You started to run, but didn't get far Cause under your arm was a VCR  Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Folsom prison is the destination Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time In the scheme of life, we're all just brothers Rehabilitate with all the others Well, I'll see ya  Ho ho, not this time my friend You'll be in lockdown by ten I'm afraid you can't talk your way out of this one, son Now four walls are your 24-hour-a-day, constant companions.  Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Folsom prison is the destination Hey, in Walla I'll see you in Walla Walla Slap on the wrist? Well, not this time In the scheme of life, we're all just brothers Rehabilitate with all the others Well, I'll see ya                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Anthony for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Last Resort" Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort
Suffocation, no breathing
Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
This is my last resort

Cut my life into pieces
I've reached my last resort
Suffocat...  Limp Bizkit - "Break Stuff" It's just one of those days
When you don't wanna wake up
Everything is fucked
Everybody sucks
You don't really know why
But you wanna justify
Rippin' someone's head off
No human contact
And if you int...  P.O.D. - "Youth Of The Nation" Last day of the rest of my life
I wish I would've known
'Cause I didn't kiss my mama goodbye

I didn't tell her that I loved her and how much I cared
Or thank my pops for all the talks
And all the wis...  Rage Against The Machine - "Testify" UGH!

The movie ran through me
The glamour subdue me
The tabloid untie me
I'm empty please fill me
Mister anchor assure me
That Baghdad is burning
Your voice it is so soothing
That cunning mantra of k...  Iron Maiden - "The Wicker Man" Hand of fate is moving and the finger points to you
He knocks you to your feet and so what are you gonna do?
Your tongue has frozen now you've got something to say
The piper at the gates of dawn is ca...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The End Of The Line" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The End Of The Line"    When the siren's flash is gone And we're left to carry on All the memories are too few  When the pastor's music plays And that casket rolls away I could live again if you Just stay alive for me  Please stay now, you left me here alone - it's the end of the line Please stay I can't make it on my own - it's the end of the line Make it on my own It's the end of the line  Now that you are dead and gone And I'm left to carry on I could never smile cause you Won't stay alive for me  Finally, Your final resting day Is without me I weep And think of brighter days What about me?  You can't take back, the one mistake That still lives on after life it takes In that one day, that changed our lives And bitter memories are left behind                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "Hell Yeah" Alright now boys and girls we've got another story for you now!
We want to introduce to you another friend of the Bible!

Hell yeah
Hell yeah
Hell yeah
Hell yeah

If I were God there would be ...  Limp Bizkit - "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" Alright, partner, keep on rollin', baby, you know what time it is
(Ladies and gentlemen!)
(Throw your hands up)
(Throw your, your hands up)
(Throw your, throw, throw your)
(Throw your, your, your hand...  Green Day - "Basket Case" Do you have the time
To listen to me whine
About nothing and everything
All at once
I am one of those
Melodramatic fools
Neurotic to the bone
No doubt about it

Sometimes I give myself the creeps
Some...  Soundgarden - "Pretty Noose" I caught the moon today
Pick it up and throw it away, all right
I got the perfect steal
A cleaner love with a dirty feel, all right
Fall out and take the bait
Eat the fruit and kiss the snake goodnigh...  Nirvana - "Rape Me" Rape me
Rape me my friend
Rape me
Rape me again

I'm not the only one Hate me
Do it and do it again
Waste me
Rape me my friend

I'm not the only one My favorite inside source
I'll kiss your...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "No Brakes" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "No Brakes"    Lay awake I don't give a shit If I even ever wake up in the morning Down below There's a pile of sin Always waiting for a Waiting for a warning  Burned at the stake Inside I'm blistering Not a whisper Looking in you'd never know it Miles below I look up again When you snap they say Before you never show it  Someone said it's all right Save it now, don't say it for my sake Someone said it's all right Faster now, you know I got no brakes (no brakes)  Fuses glow Wounds festering Till the wind comes up And takes it to the last pow Back and forth Staring at the wall This room's a cage I know that something's got to give now  Lay awake I don't give a shit If I even ever wake up in the morning Down below There's a pile of sin Always waiting for a Waiting for a warning  Someone said it's all right Save it now, don't say it for my sake Someone said it's all right Faster now, you know I got no brakes (no brakes)  [x3]  No brakes No brakes                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Hoobastank - "Crawling In The Dark" I will dedicate
And sacrifice my everything for just a second's worth
Of how my story's ending
And I wish I could know if the directions that I take
And all the choices that I make won't end up al...  Blink-182 - "Dammit" It's alright 
to tell me 
what you think 
about me
I won't try 
to argue 
or hold it 
against you
I know that 
you're leaving 
you must have 
your reasons
The season 
is calling 
and your pictures 
ar...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  Anti-Flag - "Broken Bones" Broken bones and broken glass ,
Broken hearts and broken heads.
Livin’ the life.

Close my eyes try to make it last.

Outrun the wretched memories of my past. 
It moves too fast.
I got no chance

A fr...  Guttermouth - "I'm Destroying The World" Hey mark it's fourth and goal
Why don't you get your dad a beer
And do us all a favor
Get your punk ass out of here
I think our son's retarded
He likes to read not watch tv
He never plays no football
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Why Don't You Get A Job?" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Why Don't You Get A Job?"    My friend's got a girlfriend Man he hates that bitch He tells me every day He says "man I really gotta lose my chick In the worst kind of way"  She sits on her ass He works his hands to the bone To give her money every payday But she wants more dinero just to stay at home Well my friend You gotta say  I won't pay, I won't pay ya, no way na-na, Why don't you get a job? Say no way, say no way ya, no way na-na, why don't you get a job?  I guess all his money, well it isn't enough To keep her bill collectors at bay I guess all his money, well it isn't enough Cause that girl's got expensive taste  I won't pay, I won't pay ya, no way na-na, Why don't you get a job? Say no way, say no way ya, no way na-na, why don't you get a job?  Well I guess it ain't easy doing nothing at all But hey man free rides just don't come along every day  Let me tell you about my other friend now  My friend's got a boyfriend, man she hates that dick She tells me every day He wants more dinero just to stay at home Well my friend You gotta say  I won't pay, I won't pay ya, no way na-na, Why don't you get a job? Say no way, say no way ya, no way na-na, why don't you get a job?  I won't give you no money, I always pay na-na, Why don't you get a job? Say no way, say no way ya, no way na-na, Why don't you get a job?                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Alien Ant Farm - "Smooth Criminal" As he came into the window
Was a sound of a crescendo
He came into her apartment
He left the bloodstains on the carpet
She was sitting at the table
He could see she was unable
So she ran into the bedr...  Flogging Molly - "Drunken Lullabies" Must it take a life for hateful eyes
To glisten once again
Five hundred years like Gelignite
Have blown us all to hell
What savior rests while on his cross we die
Forgotten freedom burns
Has the...  Volbeat - "Lola Montez" Feel the fire where she walks
Lola Montez so beautiful
Shady and a tempered dame
Blinding your eyes with her spider dance

Her performance utterly erotic subversive to all ideas
And for public moralit...  Stone Sour - "Song #3" If you take a step towards me
You will take my breath away
So I'll keep you close and keep my secret safe

No one else has ever loved me
No one else has ever tried
I never understood how much I could ...  Foo Fighters - "No Son Of Mine" No son of mine will ever do
The work of villains, the will of fools
If you believe it, it must be true
No son of mine, no son of mine

No son of mine will ever need
To beg forgiveness, no wicked deed
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Americana" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Americana"    Well I'd like to tell you all about my dream, it's a place Where strip malls abound and diversion's mere moments away  Where culture's defined By the ones least refined And you'll be left behind If you don't fit in It's all distorted In Americana my way  Well fuck you Well my dream has come true My vision has come true  Now give me my cable, fast food, four-by's, tat's right away I want it right now 'cause my g-generation don't like to wait  My future's determined By thieves, thugs, and vermin It's quite an excursion But it's okay Everything's backwards In Americana my way  Well fuck you Well my dream has come true My vision has come true Yeah, it's all coming true  I'm a product of my environment So don't blame me, I just work here But I wanna fuck you  My rights are denied By those least-qualified Trading profit for pride But it's, it's okay Everything's backwards In Americana my way  Well fuck you My nightmare has come true My nightmare has come true Yeah, it's all coming true Yeah, it's all coming true                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to AJ, Kenny Roberts for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Dead Kennedys - "Holiday In Cambodia" So you been to school
For a year or two
And you know you've seen it all
In daddy's car
Thinkin' you'll go far
Back east your type don't crawl

Play ethnicky jazz
To parade your snazz
On your five gran...  System Of A Down - "I-E-A-I-A-I-O" Peter's pecker picked another
Pickle bearing pussy pepper,
Peter's pecker picked another
Pickle bearing pussy pepper, why?

Meeting John Dale Jr.
Winked an eye and point a finger,
Meeting John Dale Jr...  Limp Bizkit - "Behind Blue Eyes" No one knows what it's like to be the bad man
To be the sad man behind blue eyes
And no one knows what it's like to be hated
To be fated to telling only lies

But my dreams, they aren't as empty
As my...  The Prodigy - "Invaders Must Die" We are The Prodigy
Invaders must die

Invaders must die
Invaders must die
Invaders must die
Invaders must die

Invaders must die
Invaders must die
Invaders must die
Invaders must die

We ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Pay The Man" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Pay The Man"    See the way the wind blows Lives are intertwined Watch the way the world goes The man deals out our plight  Jester in the corner Laughs without a sound Jester in the corner Malady abounds In our souls  See the way the sun sets Twilight of this life The man is making little bets Playing with our lives  All that I believe now Anything is possible A simple explanation For the evil in this world And in our souls In our souls  Come down to sorry and sable It's always the man Always keeping you down  Bow down cause I see it before me Shadow and light That always keeps you running  Shut up you talk too much Pay the man Shut up you talk too much  Look at you and your struggle for freedom But you ain't nothing We all pay the man for living  Wouldn't it be nice for a change now To be unchained My life is for me now But this is life Pay the man  Shut up you talk too much Pay the man Shut up you talk too much Pay the man                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Americana" (1998)  Welcome  Have You Ever  Staring At The Sun  Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)  The Kids Aren't Alright  Feelings  She's Got Issues  Walla Walla  The End Of The Line  No Brakes  Why Don't You Get A Job?  Americana  Pay The Man     You May Also Like  Rancid - "Ruby Soho" Echoes of reggae comin' through my bedroom wall
havin' a party up next door but i'm sittin here all alone
two lovers in the bedroom and the other starts to shout
all i got is this blank stare and t...  Rise Against - "Savior" It kills me not to know this but I've all but just forgotten
What the color of her eyes were and her scars or how she got them
As the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropping
Through t...  Nirvana - "Heart-Shaped Box" She eyes me like a Pisces when I am weak
I've been locked inside your Heart-Shaped box for weeks
I've been drawn into your magnet tar pit trap
I wish I could eat your Cancer when you turn black

Hey! ...  Faith No More - "Midlife Crisis" Go on and wring my neck
Like when a rag gets wet
A little discipline
For my pet genius

My head is like lettuce
Go on dig your thumbs in
I cannot stop giving
I'm thirty-something

Sense of security
Li...  Foo Fighters - "Waiting On A War" I've been waiting on a war since I was young
Since I was a little boy with a toy gun
Never really wanted to be number one
Just wanted to love everyone

Is there more to this than that?
Is there more t...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Intro" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Intro"    When I step out to the microphone It comes out sounding something like this                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): David Hobbs, Mark Ross, Chris Wongwon       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Audioslave - "Cochise" Well, I've been watching, while you've been coughing.
I've been drinking life, while you've been nauseous.
And so I drink to health, while you kill yourself.
And I've got just one thing that I can off...  Bowling For Soup - "1985" Debbie just hit the wall
She never had it all
One Prozac a day
Husband's a CPA
Her dreams went out the door
When she turned twenty four
Only been with one man
What happened to her plan?

She was gonna...  Papa Roach - "Scars" I tear my heart open, I sew myself shut
My weakness is that I care too much
And my scars remind me that the past is real
I tear my heart open just to feel

Drunk and I'm feeling down
And I just wanna ...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...  Pennywise - "Fuck Authority" Someday you gotta find another way, you better right your mind 
and live by what you say
Today is just another day unless you set your sights and try to find a way
I say fuck authority
Silent majo...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Come Out Swinging" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Come Out Swinging"    You brace and hold it all inside It's more than you can stand No one around even tries Tries to understand  Don't turn away, don't turn away Come out swinging Come out alone They're in your way But as long as you're swinging Strong then you'll get by  Your pacing's wearing out a line Right beside your bed The scene replays a million times Stuck inside your head  And though you stand in place Your mind escapes Read between the lies Smile's on your face You fake like you're ok  Don't turn away, don't turn away Come out swinging Out on your own They're in your way You may be stinging But you'll get by Don't turn away, don't turn away Come out swinging Never alone again The pain inside can guide your way  Midnight, no sleep Inside, you scream to No one, hears you fall Daylight, prove me today One more try  Don't turn away, don't turn Come out swinging Come out alone They're in your way You may be stinging But you'll get by Don?t turn away, don't turn away Come out swinging Never alone again Pain inside Leads you through so you'll get by                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  The Hives - "Hate To Say I Told You So" Do what I want cause I can and if I don't
because I wanna be ignored by the stiff and the bored
because I'm gonna.
Spit and retrieve cause I give and receive
because I wanna gonna get through your...  Audioslave - "Gasoline" House is haunted
I just want to go for a ride
Out and on
Before I set this room alight
Left alone forever and for crimes unclear
With my patience gone
Someone take me far from here. Yeah

Burning that...  AFI - "Miss Murder" Hey, Miss Murder, can I—
Hey, Miss Murder, can I
Make beauty stay if I take my life?

Whoa-oh-oh

With just a look they shook
And heavens bowed before him.
Simply a look can break your heart.
The star...  Rage Against The Machine - "Sleep Now In The Fire" YEAAAH!

The world is my expense
The cost of my desire
Jesus blessed me with its future
And I protect it with fire
So raise your fists and march around
Dont dare take what you need
I'll jail and bury ...  Anti-Flag - "American Attraction" Yeah

There's no escaping the American attraction
A bait and switch that's gonna thrill you with distraction
It sounds so good, you can't resist the satisfaction
When it's all over you'll be crying, I...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Original Prankster" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Original Prankster"    Until the break of dawn Life life Cannot go by the letter Time time Prozac can make it better Noise noise Any kind will do Can you feel it slip away When it's all on you  Crime crime Rockin' like Janet Reno Time time Eighteen and life in Chino Freud Freud All along it's true Well you'll see there comes a day Catches up to you  Knock down the walls, it's alive in you Knock down the place, you're alone it's true Knock down the world, it's alive in you You gotta keep your head up through it all You're gonna Bust out on it - original prankster Break out yeah - original yeah Bust out on it - original prankster You never stop now, stop now That's what the main man say  You know it smells like shit Goddamn Tag team the double header Son of Sam Fire always makes it better Navigate With style and aplomb Cause wherever you're at That's the tip you's on  Lies, lies Says he's down in the Bahamas Tries tries Bangin' little hoochie mamas No way None of this is true Well he'll see there comes a day When the joke's on you yeah  Dime dime So good to see ya Nine nine Don't want to be ya Crime crime Fine sensimilla                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Smash Mouth - "All Star" Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb
In the shape of an "L" on her forehead

Well, the year...  Andrew W.K. - "Party Hard" When it's time to party we will party hard

You,
You work all night (all night)
And when you work you don't feel all right
And when,
When things stop feeling all right (all right)
And everything is al...  Rage Against The Machine - "Killing In The Name" Killing in the name of
Some of those that work forces, are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces, are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces, are the same that b...  Foo Fighters - "These Days" One of these days the ground will drop out from beneath your feet
One of these days your heart will stop and play its final beat
One of these days the clocks will stop and time won't mean a thing
One ...  Faith No More - "Epic" Can you feel it, see it, hear it today?
If you can't, then it doesn't matter anyway
You will never understand it, 'cause it happens too fast
And it feels so good, it's like walking on glass
It's so co...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Want You Bad" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Want You Bad"    If you could only read my mind You would know that things between us Ain't right I know your arms are open wide But you're a little on the straight side I can't lie  Your one vice Is you're too nice Come around now can't you see  I want you All tattooed I want you bad  Complete me Mistreat me Want you to be bad  If you could only read my mind You would know that I've been waiting So long For someone almost just like you But with attitude, I'm waiting So come on  Get out of clothes time Grow out those highlights Come around now can't you see  I want you In a vinyl suit I want you bad  Complicated X-rated I want you bad  Don't get me wrong I know you're only being good But that's what's wrong I guess I just misunderstood  I want you All tattooed I want you bad  Complicated X- rated I want you bad  I mean it I need it I want you bad                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to LukA for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Hot Dog" Ladies and gentlemen!
Introducing the Chocolate Starfish
And the Hotdog Flavored Water
Bring it on!
Get the fuck up!
Yeah, check, one, two
Listen up, listen up!
Here we go! (here we go!)

It's a fucke...  Lit - "Over My Head" I'm in over my head
They wanna try and build me up
So they can tear me down
I wish that I could be back there
But I'm writing here right now 

They've taken everything that I've had to give and...  MxPx - "Kids In America" Looking out a dirty old window,
Down below the cars,
In the city go rushing by,
I sit here alone and I wonder why.

Friday night and everyone's moving,
I can feel the heat,
but it's soothing, heading ...  Rage Against The Machine - "Know Your Enemy" Huh!
Yeah, we're comin' back in with another "Bombtrack"
Think ya know it's all of that, HUH!
Hey yo, so check this out...
Yeah...
Know your enemy!
Come on!

Born with insight and a raised fist
A witn...  Foo Fighters - "Shame Shame" If you want to
I'll make you feel something real just to bother you
Now I got you
Under my thumb, like a drug, I will smother you
I'll be the one
Be the moon, be the sun
Be the rain in your song
Go an...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Million Miles Away" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Million Miles Away"    There was a time, looking through myself Wanting to pretend If I escaped, I could fill myself I don't think you can Been far and wide But that hole inside Never really leaves When I went away, what I really left Left behind was me  It's telling me To be on my way home Million miles away I can't stay  Each passing day, every passing face Seems like such a blur I long to be Home, silently Lying next to her Just to get back, by her side is all All I need to be Cause I went away But what I really left Left behind was me  I need to be Getting on my way home A million miles away Million miles away I can't take                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Stay Together For The Kids" It's hard to wake up, when the shades have been pulled shut
This house is haunted, it's so pathetic, it makes no sense at all
I'm ripe with things to say, the words rot and fall away
If this stupid po...  Green Day - "When I Come Around" I heard you crying loud,
All the way across town
You've been searching for that someone,
And it's me out on the prowl
As you sit around feeling sorry for yourself

Well, don't get lonely now
And dry y...  System Of A Down - "Hypnotize" Why don't you ask the kids at Tienanmen square?
Was fashion the reason why they were there?

They disguise it, hypnotize it
Television made you buy it

I'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my

S...  Rage Against The Machine - "Testify" UGH!

The movie ran through me
The glamour subdue me
The tabloid untie me
I'm empty please fill me
Mister anchor assure me
That Baghdad is burning
Your voice it is so soothing
That cunning mantra of k...  Red Hot Chili Peppers - "Higher Ground" People
Keep on learnin'
Soldiers
Keep on warrin'
World,
Keep on turnin'
Cause it won't be too long.
Powers
Keep on lyin',
While your people
Keep on dyin'
World,
Keep on turnin',
Cause it won't be too ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Dammit, I Changed Again" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Dammit, I Changed Again"    Hey, come inside While I stand here acting bold Can't stand to feel this way Clear out the cobwebs in my soul  This time I turn around And things have changed Now I don't feel the same  Start a fight I can't defend One more time Dammit, I changed again  Now I don't see Things the way I did before Can't stand to feel this way Things important yesterday Don't matter anymore It doesn't make any sense To feel so different day to day (Can't stand to feel this way) When nothing's changed except for me                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Hot Dog" Ladies and gentlemen!
Introducing the Chocolate Starfish
And the Hotdog Flavored Water
Bring it on!
Get the fuck up!
Yeah, check, one, two
Listen up, listen up!
Here we go! (here we go!)

It's a fucke...  Green Day - "She" She...
She screams in silence
A sullen riot penetrating through her mind
Waiting for a sign
To smash the silence with the brick of self-control

Are you locked up in a world
That's been planned out fo...  Tenacious D - "Fuck Her Gently" This is a song for the ladies
But fellas listen closely
You don't always have to fuck her hard
In fact sometimes that's not right to do
Sometimes you've got to make some love
And fucking give her some...  System Of A Down - "Hypnotize" Why don't you ask the kids at Tienanmen square?
Was fashion the reason why they were there?

They disguise it, hypnotize it
Television made you buy it

I'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my

S...  Good Charlotte - "Lifestyles Of The Rich & Famous" Always see it on TV
Or read it in the magazines
Celebrities want sympathy
All they do is piss and moan
Inside the Rolling Stone
Talkin' about how hard life can be

I'd like to see them spend a week
Li...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Living In Chaos" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Living In Chaos"    Somewhere the time was right, could have been gone in ten This world is hard to fight, hitting you once, hit it again To know the way it feels, everyone gets knocked down When you get up it?s real, by taking it back, turn it around  Get on it, up on it Get on it - wouldn't wanna be you Get on it, out on it Get on it - no one?s gonna free you You know, when you?re keeping it slow No matter where you wanna go - wouldn?t wanna be you Get on it, up on it It's on - we're living in chaos  Somewhere along the line, things get chipped away This place keeps going down, gets a little worse every day I see hate and greed, this world?s a messed up town Embrace the pain and see, by taking it back, you turn it around                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  A Perfect Circle - "Judith" You're such an inspiration for the ways
That I'll never ever choose to be
Oh so many ways for me to show you
How your savior has abandoned you

Fuck your God
Your Lord and your Christ
He did this
Took...  Disturbed - "Land Of Confusion" I must have dreamed a thousand dreams
Been haunted by a million screams
But I can hear the marching feet
They're moving into the street

Now, did you read the news today?
They say the danger has gone ...  Soundgarden - "Live To Rise" What if all you understand
Could fit into the center of our hand?
Then you found it wasn't you
Who held the sum of everything you knew

We're insane but not alone,
You hold on and let go

Like the sun...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Special Delivery" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Special Delivery"    Hey now do you see me down the way Been watching you everyday In my car on your street is where I stay I know you better that way One day I'll be meeting you for real You'll feel bad like I feel  It'll blow you away - You're gonna fall for me And the voices told me To blow you away - You're gonna fall for me  Hey now well I'm knocking on your door This special delivery is yours My infatuation it's true Hello, I got something for you  It'll blow you away - You're gonna fall for me And the voices told me To blow you away - You're gonna fall for me If you hadn't sold me I'd still be away - You're right in front of me Then, I'll be on my way Breathing you okay  Can't break from my sins Cannot pray  But you can't kill a man when he's got no hope You can't kill a man when he's got no hope                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Rob Zombie - "Dragula" Superstition, fear and jealousy

Dead I am the one, exterminating son
Slipping through the trees, strangling the breeze
Dead I am the sky, watching angels cry
While they slowly turn, conquering the wo...  Tenacious D - "Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown)" Beelzeboss I am complete! Fuck! Yes you are fucked, shit out of luck
Now I'm complete and my cock you will suck
This world will be mine and you're first in line
You brought me the pick and now you sha...  Alice Cooper - "Feed My Frankenstein" Well, I ain't evil, I'm just good lookin'
Start a little fire, and baby start cookin'
I'm a hungry man
But I don't want pizza
I'll blow down your house
And then I'm gonna eat ya

Bring you to a simmer...  Good Charlotte - "Little Things" Yeah, This song is dedicated
(This is Good Charlotte)
To every kid who ever got picked last in gym class
(You know what I'm saying, this is for you)
To every kid who never had a date to no school danc...  Blink-182 - "She's Out Of Her Mind" I said settle down, settle down everything is fine
Take your eyes off the floor
She said no I'm not, no I'm not, no I'm not alright
I lost my head on the door

She's a-a-a-antisocial
A-a-a-antisocial
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "One Fine Day" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "One Fine Day"    If I had a perfect day I would have it start this way Open up the fridge and have a tall boy Yeah  Then I'd meet up with my friends Head out to the game again We don't even really care who wins Now excitement seems to grow When we're hangin' with the bro's When we're chillin' and we pound a case of Stroh's Now the game is cool to see You can "High 5" on TV Count the riot on the one two three Operation is in sight And the field is open wide When you break it then you know you're still alive If the cops don't make you pay And you make your getaway Then you know That's one fine day  On that day before we're through We could torch a car or two Then have ourselves another tall boy Yeah  Water hoses and batons That's the real game that's on I don't really give a shit who wins  I believe it's my god-given right To destroy everything in my sight Cause it never gets dull, it never gets old The only thing it gets is more bold Drinkin', fightin', going to the game In our world it's a way to stay sane If you're asking me To have it my way, I'd say that's One fine day                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Flogging Molly - "Drunken Lullabies" Must it take a life for hateful eyes
To glisten once again
Five hundred years like Gelignite
Have blown us all to hell
What savior rests while on his cross we die
Forgotten freedom burns
Has the...  Green Day - "Holiday" Say, hey!

Hear the sound of the falling rain
Coming down like an Armageddon flame (Hey!)
The shame
The ones who died without a name

Hear the dogs howling out of key
To a hymn called "Faith and Miser...  Jimmy Eat World - "Pain" I don't feel the way I've ever felt
I know
Gonna smile and not get worried
I try but it shows

Anyone can make what I have built and better now
Anyone can find the same white pills
It takes my pain aw...  Anti-Flag - "The Press Corpse" The {Downing Street} memo says...

...We gotta work to make the facts fit the false charges
Pull the wool over the eyes of the filthy masses
Stab the people in the back for the corporate choice
R...  Foo Fighters - "The Sky Is A Neighborhood" The sky is a neighborhood
So keep it down
The heart is a storybook
A star burned out

The sky is a neighborhood
Don't make a sound
Lights coming up ahead
Don't look now

The sky is a neighborhood
The ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "All Along" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "All Along"    Deep inside secret's burning I should have known all the while what's true I went along, to fool myself Can't go on, I can't escape it   [Chorus] All along I think I really knew It was there in the words unspoken All along Still believed in you Now I leave here betrayed and broken  Close my eyes from the burning All along all the while it's true Take it on, or turn your back Either way, you can't escape it   [Chorus x2]  All along I still believed in you                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Alien Ant Farm - "Movies" At slow speed we all seem focused
In motion we seem wrong
In summer we can taste the rain I want you to be free
Don't worry about me
And just like the movies
We play out our last scene

Two can play t...  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Static-X - "The Only" I'm winning, you're losing
I'm falling your agony
Lower than lower, before
Your forgotten memory

My heaven, your hell
I'm killing your fantasy
More and more, you follow
Your divorced reality

You're ...  Yellowcard - "Rough Landing, Holly" Left the ground
In black and white
And when the plane went down
The colors all around
I know by now
The Margin's slight
And still I can't get out, she's all I think about, can't let her go
It's...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Denial, Revisited" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Denial, Revisited"    So here we go Having the same old fight again There she goes Same old game that never ends If I could say The right words I know I could make you stay If I could say The right words Things would work out all right  And if you go I won't believe That it's forever  And you can go But I'll never leave Cause it's not over  Replay last night Talking it out don't make it right I know she's tried, but my whole world Is her and all we've got now  And if you go I won't believe That it's forever  I won't let go Even if she say that it's over I know it'll be Different this time If you'd just stay  And when we wrote this story How did it end? It was you and me for all our lives Come on, don?t say it We'll try again And if I'd just hold you We could last  But she stands softly Tears down her face Hitting me, oh god This is the end I'd wait here for you But there's nothing more now I can do How did you know How did you know How did you know Finally                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Incubus - "The Warmth" I'd like to close my eyes, go numb
But there's a cold wind coming from
The top of the highest high-rise today
It's not a breeze cause it blows hard
Yes and it wants me to discard the humanity I know
W...  System Of A Down - "ATWA" Hey you, see me, pictures crazy
All the world I've seen before me passing by
I've got nothing, to gain, to lose
All the world I've seen before me passing by

You don't care about how I feel
I don't fe...  Green Day - "Longview" I sit around and watch the tube, but nothing's on
I change the channels for an hour or two
Twiddle my thumbs just for a bit
I'm sick of all the same old shit
In a house with unlocked doors
And I'm fuc...  Audioslave - "Revelations" You know what to do, you know what I did
Since you know everything just clue me in
I am such a wreck, I am such a mess
I know what I know, why don't you fill in the rest?
I will bring you down, I ...  Corey Taylor - "From Can To Can't" Under the water,
It's cold and it's grey.
My torrid autumn,
Another season decays.
Open up the Hollow,
And my walls come down.
I tell you it's a problem,
Just when no one's around.
But then, I know wh...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Vultures" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Vultures"    Now I could lie by your side All serrated for you Down below cancer grows Weeping waits inside you too All our rage begs a stage It's a waste of time though And you style seems worthwhile But this lonely road has turned And you faded there They pretend to care Vultures waiting If you don't like me Certify Me Yeah - I don't know Yeah - I won't go Yeah - save it I'm okay  And in the sun a loaded gun Makes for conversation All the while in denial It's too late for me to change  And you were unchained Nothing more had changed I could fake it If you still hate me Confiscate me  Oh we're jaded - I don't know Overrated - I won't go All serrated - Save it I'm okay Okay Yeah I won't play Yeah go away Yeah save it I'm okay                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Dead Kennedys - "Holiday In Cambodia" So you been to school
For a year or two
And you know you've seen it all
In daddy's car
Thinkin' you'll go far
Back east your type don't crawl

Play ethnicky jazz
To parade your snazz
On your five gran...  Less Than Jake - "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" This is a fair request, and I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
You will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation judges people by their race,
their belief, or the...  A Perfect Circle - "Passive" "Dead as dead can be," my doctor tells me
But I just can't believe him, ever the optimistic one
I'm sure of your ability to become my perfect enemy
Wake up and face me, don't play dead cause maybe
Som...  Nirvana - "Lithium" I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends
They're in my head
I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you
We've broke our mirrors
Sunday morning, is every day for all I care
And I'm not scared
L...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Conspiracy Of One" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Conspiracy Of One"    Red over white It's one last fatal scene Brought on by someone unseen Moving on their own Bring on the night And bring us all to our knees All are gone and none agreed One who acts alone  Nobody wins Nobody hears us fall Nobody wins When it's done Conspiracy of one                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Conspiracy Of One" (2000)  Intro  Come Out Swinging  Original Prankster  Want You Bad  Million Miles Away  Dammit, I Changed Again  Living In Chaos  Special Delivery  One Fine Day  All Along  Denial, Revisited  Vultures  Conspiracy Of One     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Prison Song" They're trying to build a prison
They're trying to build a prison

Following the rights movement
You clamped on with your iron fists
Drugs became conveniently
Available for all the kids

Following the...  Green Day - "Nice Guys Finish Last" Nice guys finish last
You're running out of gas
Your sympathy will get you left behind
Sometimes you're at your best, when you feel the worst
Do you feel washed up, like piss going down the drain

Pre...  The Hives - "Hate To Say I Told You So" Do what I want cause I can and if I don't
because I wanna be ignored by the stiff and the bored
because I'm gonna.
Spit and retrieve cause I give and receive
because I wanna gonna get through your...  Bowling For Soup - "1985" Debbie just hit the wall
She never had it all
One Prozac a day
Husband's a CPA
Her dreams went out the door
When she turned twenty four
Only been with one man
What happened to her plan?

She was gonna...  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Neocon" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Neocon"    we are strong we are right we won't be pushed aside we'll go on we will fight we will not compromise we will never lose to you we will never lose to you we will never lose to you we will never lose to you                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Audioslave - "Exploder" I met a man locked away, for things he hadn't done.
Innocence on ball and chain. He'll never feel the sun Again on his face, or roses in his hands.
but when he smiled at me, I could understand.

If yo...  NOFX - "Don't Call Me White" Don't call me white, Don't call me white
Don't call me white, Don't call me white

The connotations wearing my nerves thin
Could it be semantics generating the mess we're in?
I understand that languag...  Nickelback - "This Means War" Climb into the ring for a battle that you can't win
Swing as hard as you can swing, it will still mean nothing
Should’ve seen it coming
It had to happen sometime
But you went and brought a knife
To an...  No Doubt - "Settle Down" Get get get in line, and settle down
Get in line, and settle down

What's your twenty? (Do you copy?)
Where's your brain? (Do you copy?)
Checking in to check you out
Concerned about your whereabouts

...  Dropkick Murphys - "Rose Tattoo" The pictures tell the story
This life had many shades
I'd wake up every morning and before I'd start each day
I'd take a drag from last nights cigarette
That smoldered in its tray
Down a little someth...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The Noose" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The Noose"    Well our souls are all mistaken in the same misguided way We all end up forsaken, we're just choosing our own way The future now incinerates before our very eyes And leaves us with emptiness of no more tries  Well our visions of a glory now have spiraled down the drain The best of our intentions that come crashing down in flames The depths of our despair we are unable to contain It's shallow living  The noose is falling And all my friends are crawling The noose is falling And enemies are rising A truth appalling Our mak'r comes a calling The noose is falling And enemies are rising  Well the tracers from yesteryear are burning in the dust Your bruises are reminders of naivete and trust You're only feeling stronger cause your body's getting numb Now I lay you down Put the coins in your eyes And blow the candles out  The noose is falling And all my friends are crawling The noose is falling And enemies are rising A truth appalling Our mak'r comes a calling The noose is falling And enemies are rising  No more! No more! Nothing!  No more! No more! Ever! No! More!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Smashing Pumpkins - "Bullet With Butterfly Wings" The world is a vampire, sent to drain
Secret destroyers, hold you up to the flames
And what do I get, for my pain?
Betrayed desires, and a piece of the game

Even though I know - I suppose I'll show
A...  Bad Religion - "You" There's a place where everyone can be happy
It's the most beautiful place in the whole fucking world
It's made of candy canes and planes
And bright red choo-choo trains
And the meanest little boys and...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Hoobastank - "Same Direction" Whenever I step outside
Somebody claims to see the light
It seems to me that all of us have lost our patience.
'Cause everyone thinks they're right,
And nobody thinks that there just might
Be more tha...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Long Way Home" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Long Way Home"    (Hey) I’m driving down a dusty road (Hey) I’ve got nowhere to go (Hey) No place that I can call my own On and on this road is burning (Break away) I’m leaving all this crap behind (Break away) The past is gone the future’s blind (Break away) Don’t care how long it takes this time On and on I’ll take the long way home The long way home The long way home If it’s for me it’s on the way home  (Hey) Like fragments of a broken mind (Hey) I splinter by my own design (Hey) The search is not a waste of time On and on this road keeps burning (Break away) My hands are glued upon the wheel (Break away) The road ahead is all I feel (Break away) The only thing left that’s real On and on I’ll take this long way home The long way home The long way home (home) I will go alone I will go and find it on my own  What lays ahead you can not find for me  On and on I’ll take the long way home The long way home The long way home If it’s for me it’s on the way home The long way home I’ll take the long way home (home) I will go alone I will go and find it on my own                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Goldfinger - "99 Red Balloons" You and I in a little toy shop
buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got
Set them free at the break of dawn
'Til one by one, they were gone

Back at base, bugs in the software
Flash the message, ...  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...  Green Day - "Kill The DJ" Walking after dark
In the New York City park
Your thoughts are so unholy
In the holiest of holes
Onward Christian soldiers
Filled with jive and mind control

The blood left on the dance floor
Runnin',...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hit That" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hit That"    The winds of fortune Don't blow the same She had to get out And make a change She had a kid now But much too young That baby daddy's out having fun  He's saying I'm on a roll With all the girls I know His baby momma She ain't so slow He's saying I'm on a roll With all the girls I know I know you wanna hit that I know you wanna hit that, hit that All the world is gettin' with, I say Consequences are a lot, but hey That's the way it That's the way things go Hey, hey, hey  What was a family Is now a shell We're raising kids now Who raise themselves Sex is a weapon It's like a drug It gets him right into that grave that he just dug  She's saying I'm on the run I'm chasing guys for fun Her baby daddy It ain't his only one She's saying I'm on the run I'm chasing guys for fun I know you wanna hit that I know you wanna hit that, hit that Everybody's gettin' with, I say Consequences are a lot, but hey That's the way it That's the way things go Hey, hey, hey  Well it winds up Broken up Really such a shame But why not Take a chance Everything's a game And it don't stop Hooking up Nothing's gonna change The more he's trying The more he's buying  He says I'm on a roll With all the girls I know His baby momma Don't need to know He's saying I'm on a roll With all the girls I know I know you wanna hit that I know you wanna hit that, hit that All the world is gettin' with, I say Consequences are a lot, but hey That's the way it That's the way things go                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Green Day - "Warning" This is a public service announcement, this is only a test
Emergency evacuation protest
"May impair your ability to operate machinery"
Can't quite tell just what it means to me
Keep out of reach of ch...  Bad Religion - "Punk Rock Song" have you been to the desert?
have you walked with the dead?
there's a hundred thousand children being killed for their bread

and the figures don't lie they speak of human disease
but we do what ...  The Hives - "Walk Idiot Walk" Well is it true what they say about it
They say it's new but I have to doubt it
And then they tell you everything about it
Had enough

I got some people saying this way
I got some people saying ...  Zebrahead - "Anthem" I got a girlfriend
Only she don't know it yet
I got a six string best friend
Who sleeps with a broken neck
I want to make my mark
change the world, with this flow
But, all this doubt in my head...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Race Against Myself" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Race Against Myself"    (I realize) All I want All I need Always lies just out of reach I've been coming up empty  (I realize) I ran as fast as I can run I pushed as hard as anyone But still there's nothing for me  (And I want) I've tried as hard as I can (And I need) I've taken all I can stand (And I fall) But I am running a race Against myself Against myself, yeah  (I realize) Burning out, strung along Now my sorrow is my song My whole world is half-hearted  (I realize) For my pain I have none After all is said and done Now I'm back where I started  (And I want) I've gone as far as I can (And I need) I've taken all I can stand (And I fall) But I am running a race Against myself Against myself, yeah  (And I want) I've tried as hard as I can (And I need) I've taken all I can stand (And I fall) But I am losing the race Against myself Against myself, yeah  Against myself                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Sum 41 - "Fat Lip" Storming through the party like my name was El Niño
When I'm hangin' out drinking in the back of an El Camino
As a kid, was a skid, and no one knew me by name
Trashed my own house party 'cause nobody ...  Linkin Park - "Somewhere I Belong" (When this began)
I had nothing to say
And I'd get lost in the nothingness inside of me
(I was confused)
And I let it all out to find
That I'm not the only person with these things in mind
(Inside of...  Staind - "So Far Away" This is my life
It's not what it was before
All these feelings I've shared
And these are my dreams
That I'd never lived before

Somebody shake me
'Cause I I must be sleeping

And now that we're here
I...  Hoobastank - "The First Of Me" I must make a choice
A tough decision
Listen to my voice
Should I give in
To temptation, admiration
One leads to myself
The other some one else
Just an empty shell
Just an empty shell

It's harder tha...  Blink-182 - "Darkside" She's a girl dressed in black from another world
Lives and breathes like a girl from another world
She don't know my name (She don't know my name)
She don't have the time of day
Celebrate, medicate 't...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "(Can't Get My) Head Around You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "(Can't Get My) Head Around You"    Deep inside your soul there's a hole you don't wanna see Every single day what you say makes no sense to me Even though I try I can't get my head around you  Somewhere in the night there's a light in front of me Heaven up above with a shove, abandons me Even though I try I fall in the river of you You've managed to bring me down too  All your faking (Get Up, Get Up, Get Up, Get Up) Shows you're aching (Get Up, Get Up, Get Up)  Every single day what you say makes no sense to me Letting you inside, isn't right, don't mess with me I never really know what's really going on inside you I can't get my head around you  All your feeding (Get Up, Get Up, Get Up, Get Up) Shows you're bleeding (Get Up, Get Up, Get Up)  Deep inside your soul there's a hole you don't wanna see Covering it up like a cut with the likes of me You know I've really tried, I can't do anymore about you  (Yeaaahh) The cut's getting deeper (Yeaaahh) The hill's getting steeper (Yeaaahh) I guess I'll never know what's really going on inside you I can't get my head around you I can't get my head around you I can't get my head around you I can't get my head around you                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "Fire Water Burn" The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
We don't need no water let the motherfucker burn,
Burn motherfucker burn....  Linkin Park - "Faint" I am a little bit of loneliness, a little bit of disregard
Handful of complaints, but I can't help the fact that everyone can see these scars
I am what I want you to want, what I want you to feel
But...  The Used - "The Bird And The Worm" He wears his heart
Safety pinned to his backpack
His backpack is all that he knows
Shot down by strangers
Whose glances can cripple
The heart and devour the soul

All alone he turns to stone
While hol...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  Foo Fighters - "No Son Of Mine" No son of mine will ever do
The work of villains, the will of fools
If you believe it, it must be true
No son of mine, no son of mine

No son of mine will ever need
To beg forgiveness, no wicked deed
...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Worst Hangover Ever" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Worst Hangover Ever"    Ballroom scene, but the fire underneath. Gonna eat you alive, Gonna bring you to your knees.  Went out drinking late last night, I had a blast. But now the morning light has come and kicked my ass.  I've got the worst hangover ever I'm crawling to the bathroom again It hurts so bad that I'm never gonna drink again  And by my seventh shot I was invincible I would have never thought I'd be this miserable  I've got the worst hangover ever I'm rolling back and forth on the bed I'm worked so bad that I'm never gonna drink again  Won't someone just kill me? Put me out of my misery I'm making deals with god I'll do anything  Make it stop please! Make it stop please!  Make it stop please! Make it stop please!  I've got the worst hangover ever I'm crawling to the bathroom again It hurts so bad that I'm never gonna drink again  I'll probably never drink again I may not ever drink again At least not til next weekend  I'm never gonna drink again                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Sum 41 - "Fat Lip" Storming through the party like my name was El Niño
When I'm hangin' out drinking in the back of an El Camino
As a kid, was a skid, and no one knew me by name
Trashed my own house party 'cause nobody ...  System Of A Down - "Prison Song" They're trying to build a prison
They're trying to build a prison

Following the rights movement
You clamped on with your iron fists
Drugs became conveniently
Available for all the kids

Following the...  Zebrahead - "Anthem" I got a girlfriend
Only she don't know it yet
I got a six string best friend
Who sleeps with a broken neck
I want to make my mark
change the world, with this flow
But, all this doubt in my head...  Metallica - "Whiskey In The Jar" As I was goin' over the Cork and Kerry mountains
I saw Captain Farrell and his money he was countin'
I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier
I said stand and deliver or the devil he may...  Blink-182 - "Bored To Death" There's an echo pulling out the meaning
Rescuing a nightmare from a dream
The voices in my head are always screaming
That none of this means anything to me

And it's a long way back from seventeen
The...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Never Gonna Find Me" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Never Gonna Find Me"    Whaohohohohohohohoh  On a mission started by my own admission, I will leave you all behind. By direction I'll create my own protection, the real me you'll never find.  Aspirations turn to fear and desperation, Nothing's ever good enough for you, Burn in sorrow 'cause I see there's no tomorrow, You'll only seeing what I want you to  Never gonna find me, Never gonna find me, Well, way down deep inside there is the real me, I'm always gonna hide and this is who you'll see. Never gonna find me, Never gonna find me, Well, way down deep inside they haven't found me yet, I'm always gonna hide and this is who you'll get.  Whaohohohohohohohoh  On a mission to establish my attrition you may think that you have won. Your rejection has bought on my introspection, I'll escape I'll only run.  Accusations may destroy my motivation I can feel it when you're pushing me. Burn in sorrow 'cause I see there's no tomorrow, Only I know which me you'll see.  Never gonna find me, Never gonna find me, Well, way down deep inside there is the real me, I'm always gonna hide and this is who you'll see. Never gonna find me, Never gonna find me, Well, way down deep inside they haven't found me yet, I'm always gonna hide and this is who you'll get.  Whaohohohohohohohoh  Break away. Run. Down inside. I've got to push it away. Down. I did not choose this. God Dammit!  I don't really know, what I wanna say, I can't afford the throw, can't make it go away now. Try to make it through, fuck your decision, I can feel myself but I'm burning up now.  Whaooh oooh (never gonna find me) Whaooh Whaooh (never gonna find me) Whaooh Whaooh (never gonna) Whaooh Whaooh Whaooh Whaooh Whaooh Whaooh                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  System Of A Down - "Innervision" I have a home
Longing to roam
I have to find you
I have to meet you

Signs of your face
Slowing your pace
I need your guidance
I need to seek my innervision
Innervision

My pupils dance
Lost in a tran...  Simple Plan - "Me Against The World" We're not gonna be
Just a part of their game
We're not gonna be
Just the victims
They're taking our dreams
And they tear them apart
'Til everyone's the same
I've got no place to go
I've got nowhere to...  Bad Religion - "21st Century (Digital Boy)" I can't believe it: the way you look sometimes
Like a trampled flag on a city street, oh yeah
And I don't want it: the things you're offering me
Symbolized bar code, quick ID, oh yeah

'Cause I'm a 21...  Rage Against The Machine - "Testify" UGH!

The movie ran through me
The glamour subdue me
The tabloid untie me
I'm empty please fill me
Mister anchor assure me
That Baghdad is burning
Your voice it is so soothing
That cunning mantra of k...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Lightning Rod" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Lightning Rod"    I am waiting On a mountaintop For the moment that the sky will strike My apologies Are forever lost Soon to ashes in a flash of light  Miles from away from me Hope is fading soon Gone forever it's a waste of time My intentions Like a sweeter room Only bring to me a fading light  Locked up forever inside I look to the stars and ask why If they could just teach my dark heart to feel All I've saved - why Is thrown away  I am waning Like a single bloom Lost forever in the storm of life My intentions Like a sweeter room Only bring to me a fading light  Locked up forever inside I look to the stars and ask why If they could just show these wounds how to heal Here I am - oh why My last stand - oh why And I know For all the rising and falling there's nothing to show  Throw me down  It's been raining And now I will pay Woe is come to me  I am the lightning rod  I am waiting On a mountaintop Oh above me He will strike me!  Locked up forever inside I look to the stars and ask why If they could just teach my dark heart to feel All I am - oh why My last stand - oh why And I know For all the rising and falling there's nothing to show                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Filter - "Hey Man Nice Shot" I wish I would've met you
Now it's a little late
What you could've taught me
I could've saved some face
They think that your early ending
Was all wrong
For the most part they're right
But look how the...  AFI - "Girl's Not Grey" I'll lay me down tonight
Much further down
Swim in the calm tonight
This art does drown

(What follows) me as the whitest lace of light
(Will swallow whole) just begs to be imbrued?
(What follo...  Papa Roach - "Hollywood Whore" Hollywood whore,
Passed out on the floor,
I'm sorry but the party's over.

Cocaine nose,
And trendy clothes,
Gotta send her to rehab.
She found out she's got no soul,
But it really doesn't bot...  Rise Against - "Broken Dreams, Inc." I have seen what you call progress
Every warning sign ignored
And there's a muffled voice of reason
But we can't make out the words

And though the balance we struck was delicate
There was a sense of ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Spare Me The Details" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Spare Me The Details"    My girlfriend, my dumb donut Went up to a party just the other night But three hours later and seven shots of jäger She was in the bedroom with another guy  And I don't really wanna know So don't tell me anymore And I really don't wanna hear About her feet all up in the air  And well I'm not the one who acted like a hoe Why must I be the one who has to know? I'm not the one who messed up big time So spare me the details if you don't mind  Now I can understand friends who wanna tell me They think they're gonna help me, open up my eyes But the play by play makes me wanna lose it Every time you do it man, it turns the knife  And I don't really wanna know So don't tell me anymore And I really don't wanna hear About her feet all up in the air  And well I'm not the one who acted like a hoe Why must I be the one who has to know? I'm not the one who messed up big time So spare me the details if you don't mind  Now I don't need to hear about the sounds they were makin' And I don't need to hear about how long it was takin' Or how the walls they were shakin'  Now lying in bed wallowing in sorrow Missin' the tomorrow that we could have had Running through my head, over and over Things I never told her that just make me sad  And it drives me insane sittin with a vision stuck with that image burned into my brain And I feel so dumb that I could ever trust her When someone else fucked her, then walked away  And I don't really wanna know So don't tell me anymore And I really don't wanna hear About her feet all up in the air  And so I'm not the one who acted like a hoe Why must I be the one who has to know? I'm not the one who messed up big time So spare me the details if you don't mind  Cuz I don't wanna know Don't wanna know (Spare me the details if you don't mind) Don't wanna know (Spare me the details if you don't mind) Don't wanna know...                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Reel Big Fish - "Beer" She called me late last night, to say she loved me so
It didn't matter anymore
I say she never cared
And that she never will
I'd do it all again
I guess I'll have to wait until then And if I get drunk...  Weezer - "Island In The Sun" Hip hip
Hip hip
Hip hip
Hip hip

When you're on a holiday
You can't find the words to say
All the things that come to you
And I wanna feel it too

On an island in the sun
We'll be playing and having f...  The Ataris - "The Boys Of Summer" Nobody on the road
Nobody on the beach
I feel it in the air
The summer's out of reach
Empty lake, empty streets
The sun goes down alone
I'm drivin' by your house
Though I know you're not at hom...  Rage Against The Machine - "Testify" UGH!

The movie ran through me
The glamour subdue me
The tabloid untie me
I'm empty please fill me
Mister anchor assure me
That Baghdad is burning
Your voice it is so soothing
That cunning mantra of k...  Rise Against - "Swing Life Away" Am I loud and clear, or am I breaking up?
Am I still your charm, or am I just bad luck?
Are we getting closer, or are we just getting more lost?

I'll show you mine if you show me yours first
Let's co...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Da Hui" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Da Hui"    I won't fuck with Da Hui I won't fuck with Da Hui I won't fuck with Da Hui Because Da Hui will fuck with me  I won't take off on Da Hui I won't take off on Da Hui I won't take off on Da Hui Because Da Hui will fuck with me   [Chorus] A Haole with heart, that's all I'll ever be Cause I'm not a part of the North Shore society Stuck on the shoulder, that's where you'll find me Digging for scraps with the kooks in line!  I won't park next to Da Hui I won't park next to Da Hui I won't park next to Da Hui Because I don't really feel comfortable   [Chorus] A Haole with heart, that's all I'll ever be Cause I'm not a part of the North Shore royalty Stuck on the shoulder, I'm not complaining Digging for scraps, I'm a kook in line!   [Chorus]  Don't fuck with Da Hui Don't fuck with Da Hui Don't fuck with Da Hui Because Da Hui will fuck with you!                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "Kids In America" Looking Out A Dirty Old Window
Down Below The Cars In The City Go Rushing By
I Sit Here Alone And I Wonder Why
Friday Night And Everyone's Moving
I Can Feel The Heat But It's Seuthing Heading Down...  Limp Bizkit - "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" Alright, partner, keep on rollin', baby, you know what time it is
(Ladies and gentlemen!)
(Throw your hands up)
(Throw your, your hands up)
(Throw your, throw, throw your)
(Throw your, your, your hand...  Green Day - "Longview" I sit around and watch the tube, but nothing's on
I change the channels for an hour or two
Twiddle my thumbs just for a bit
I'm sick of all the same old shit
In a house with unlocked doors
And I'm fuc...  Blink-182 - "I Miss You" Hello there,
The angel from my nightmare,
The shadow in the background of the morgue.
The unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.
We can live like Jack and Sally
If we want.

Where you can alwa...  The Presidents Of The United States Of America - "Lump" Lump sat alone in a boggy marsh
Totally emotionless except for her heart
Mud flowed up into lump's pajamas
She totally confused all the passing piranhas

She's lump, she's lump
She's in my head
She's ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "When You're In Prison" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "When You're In Prison"    When you're in prison, don't turn the other way Keep your back against the wall When you're in prison, don't turn the other way Do not bend at all  Oh don't pick up the soap, pick up the soap It's bad for you  Oh don't pick up the soap, pick up the soap Someone will be waiting there for you  When you're in prison be sure to stay awake Always lie upon your back  When you're in prison be sure to stay awake Keep you from attack  Oh don't be no one's bitch, be no one's bitch It's bad for you  Oh don't be no one's bitch, be no one's bitch They won't help you make it through.  When you're in prison, don't turn the other way Follow what I say to do.  When you're in prison, don't turn the other way You can make it through You can make it through You can make it through                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Splinter" (2003)  Neocon  The Noose  Long Way Home  Hit That  Race Against Myself  (Can't Get My) Head Around You  Worst Hangover Ever  Never Gonna Find Me  Lightning Rod  Spare Me The Details  Da Hui  When You're In Prison     You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "Fire Water Burn" The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire,
We don't need no water let the motherfucker burn,
Burn motherfucker burn....  Green Day - "Basket Case" Do you have the time
To listen to me whine
About nothing and everything
All at once
I am one of those
Melodramatic fools
Neurotic to the bone
No doubt about it

Sometimes I give myself the creeps
Some...  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  Reel Big Fish - "Another F.U. Song" Hey kids, its time to use the "F" word

Fuck fuck fuck fuck

...living
Fuck dying
Fuck laughing
Fuck crying
Fuck this song
But mostly Fuck You
Fuck love, hate and friends
Fuck following trends
Fuck th...  Serj Tankian - "Beethoven's Cunt" Brushing, touching, feeling on your shoulders,
Believing, appealing, kneeling in your worlds,
Oceans are combined,

Being that I love you so much
In the end they all will say
Breaking someone el...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Half-Truism" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Half-Truism"    One is for envy And one just for spite The cuts in my heart They show in your eyes Don’t make it better The twisting knife Turns all by itself On to someone else  Your self-liberation Will leave this behind Beyond slings and arrows That rain on our minds You’ll make it better Shake it off It never mattered anyway  If we don’t make it alive Well it’s a hell of a good day to die All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  And it’s ashes to ashes again Should we even try to pretend? All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  The banner you’re waving Is burning and red It’s blocking the sunlight That shines overhead You against the world Diamonds and pearls Voices inside you churn Watch the city burn  Your own liberation Will leave them behind All the slings and arrows That rain on your mind Don’t make it better Break it cause It never mattered anyway  If we don’t make it alive Well it’s a hell of a good day to die All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  And it’s ashes to ashes again Should we even try to pretend? All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  I Won't Calm Down  The banner you're waving Is burning and red You against the world Diamonds and pearls It never mattered Mattered Mattered anyway  If we don’t make it alive Well it’s a hell of a good day to die All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  And it’s ashes to ashes again Should we even try to pretend? All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long  All our light that shines strong Only lasts for so long                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Reel Big Fish - "Beer" She called me late last night, to say she loved me so
It didn't matter anymore
I say she never cared
And that she never will
I'd do it all again
I guess I'll have to wait until then And if I get drunk...  Limp Bizkit - "Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" Alright, partner, keep on rollin', baby, you know what time it is
(Ladies and gentlemen!)
(Throw your hands up)
(Throw your, your hands up)
(Throw your, throw, throw your)
(Throw your, your, your hand...  Foo Fighters - "Best Of You" I've got another confession to make
I'm your fool
Everyone's got their chains to break
Holdin' you

Were you born to resist or be abused?
Is someone getting the best, the best, the best, the best of y...  Rise Against - "Give It All" Break through the undertow, your hands I can't seem to find
Pollution burns my tongue, cough words I can't speak so I

Stop my struggling, then I float to the surface
Fill my lungs with air, then let ...  Billy Talent - "Reckless Paradise" Stuck in a crisis
Without a conscience
Trapped in a place we don't belong
There's no more heroes
Left to believe in
They've pushed our backs against the wall

I know that something has to change
We go...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Trust In You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Trust In You"    I am the one, your help I’ve refused Your offering hand just set off the fuse I am the rock that pushes away I gave up tomorrow to spite today  Too proud to beg Too stubborn to try I’d look in your face And spit in your eye  But I’m willing to find what’s really inside And show I am strong enough to  Trust in you Trust in you Trust in you Pull me up Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – pull me up Pull me up Cause I am ready  I am the one who blames only you The flame in my eyes now blackens my view I am the one who wanders alone Darkness inside blocks how you’ve shone  Who tied the other End of my rope? I want to move on I want to have hope  So I’m willing to change I’m going to try To show I am strong enough to  Trust in you Trust in you Trust in you Pull me up Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – pull me up Pull me up Cause I am waiting  Strong enough to  Trust in you Trust in you Trust in you Pull me up Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – shadow to light Quo modo – pull me up Pull me up Cause I am ready                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Soldier Side" Dead men lying on the bottom of the grave
Wondering when Savior comes, is he gonna be saved
Maybe you're a sinner into your alternate life
Maybe you're a joker, maybe you deserve to die

They were cry...  Queens Of The Stone Age - "3's & 7's" Lie, lie to my face
Tell me it ain't nothing
That's what I wanna hear

Take the lie to the grave
That's what an old friend told me
Look what it did for him

The truth hurts so bad
Wouldn't you say? So...  Green Day - "Know Your Enemy" Do you know the enemy?
Do you know your enemy?
Well, gotta know the enemy, ohaooh!

Do you know the enemy?
Do you know your enemy?
Well, gotta know the enemy, ohaooh!

Do you know the enemy?
Do you kn...  The All-American Rejects - "Real World" I woke up on this side, I thought it was a dream
At first we learned to walk then learned to scream
You can't understand, when you're fed from a TV screen
You can't see the things that I can see
...  Blink-182 - "I Really Wish I Hated You" I don't really like myself without you
Every song I sing is still about you
Save me from myself the way you used to
'Cause I don't really like myself without you
I really wish I hated you

A little dr...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid"    Show me how to lie You're getting better all the time And turning all against the one Is an art that's hard to teach Another clever word Sets off an unsuspecting herd And as you step back into line A mob jumps to their feet  Now dance, fucker, dance Man, he never had a chance And no one even knew It was really only you  And now you steal away Take him out today Nice work you did You're gonna go far, kid  With a thousand lies And a good disguise Hit 'em right between the eyes Hit 'em right between the eyes When you walk away Nothing more to say See the lightning in your eyes See 'em running for their lives  Slowly out of line And drifting closer in your sights So play it out I'm wide awake It's a scene about me There's something in your way And now someone is gonna pay And if you can't get what you want Well it's all because of me  Now dance, fucker, dance Man, I never had a chance And no one even knew It was really only you  And now you'll lead the way Show the light of day Nice work you did You're gonna go far, kid Trust, deceived  With a thousand lies And a good disguise Hit 'em right between the eyes Hit 'em right between the eyes When you walk away Nothing more to say See the lightning in your eyes See 'em running for their lives  Now dance, fucker, dance He never had a chance And no one even knew It was really only you  So dance, fucker, dance I never had a chance It was really only you  With a thousand lies And a good disguise Hit 'em right between the eyes Hit 'em right between the eyes When you walk away Nothing more to say See the lightning in your eyes See 'em running for their lives  Clever alibis Lord of the flies Hit 'em right between the eyes Hit 'em right between the eyes When you walk away Nothing more to say See the lightning in your eyes See 'em running for their lives                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Sky for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Soldier Side" Dead men lying on the bottom of the grave
Wondering when Savior comes, is he gonna be saved
Maybe you're a sinner into your alternate life
Maybe you're a joker, maybe you deserve to die

They were cry...  The Used - "The Bird And The Worm" He wears his heart
Safety pinned to his backpack
His backpack is all that he knows
Shot down by strangers
Whose glances can cripple
The heart and devour the soul

All alone he turns to stone
While hol...  Green Day - "21 Guns" Do you know what's worth fighting for
When it's not worth dying for?
Does it take your breath away
And you feel yourself suffocating
Does the pain weigh out the pride?
And you look for a place to hide...  Nirvana - "Rape Me" Rape me
Rape me my friend
Rape me
Rape me again

I'm not the only one Hate me
Do it and do it again
Waste me
Rape me my friend

I'm not the only one My favorite inside source
I'll kiss your...  Volbeat - "Still Counting" Counting all the assholes in the room
Well I'm definitely not alone, well I'm not alone
You're a liar, you're a cheater, you're a fool
Well that's just like me yoohoo and I know you too
Mr. Perfect do...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hammerhead" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hammerhead"    I am the one Camouflage and guns Risk my life To keep my people from harm  Authority Vested in me I sacrifice With my brothers in arms  Through this doorway What's on the other side Never knowing Exactly what I'll find Locked and loaded Voices screaming Let's go! Come on do it Here we go!  Oh, take a life Ten others may live Oh, that's just the way it goes Oh, shut my eyes It hammers in my head Where it'll end Nobody knows  Oh, take a life Ten others may live Oh, that's just the way it goes It's playing over and over in my head Where it'll end Nobody knows  Stay the course Reasonable force I believe I serve a greater good  Smoke and dust Enemies are crushed Nothing left Where a man once stood  Through this doorway What's on the other side Never knowing Exactly what I'll find Locked and loaded Voices screaming Let's go! But I'm just doing what I'm told  Oh, take a life Ten others may live Oh, that's just the way it goes Oh, shut my eyes It hammers in my head Where it'll end Nobody knows  Oh, take this life Ten others may live Oh, that's just the way it goes It's playing over and over in my head Where it begins And where it'll end Nobody knows  Bang, bang, it hammers in my head Bang, bang, it hammers in my head Bang, bang, it hammers in my head In my head, in my head  Yeah, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear no evil for Thou art with me Locked and loaded Gonna find my truth Now I'm busting through All hell breaks loose  And you can all hide behind your desks now And you can cry, 'teacher come help me!' Through you all My aim is true! My My aim is true!  My aim is true                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  The Presidents Of The United States Of America - "Lump" Lump sat alone in a boggy marsh
Totally emotionless except for her heart
Mud flowed up into lump's pajamas
She totally confused all the passing piranhas

She's lump, she's lump
She's in my head
She's ...  Alter Bridge - "Metalingus" I've been defeated and brought down
Dropped to my knees when hope ran out
The time has come to change my ways

On this day I see clearly everything has come to life
A bitter place and a broken dream
A...  Weezer - "Pork And Beans" They say I need some Rogaine to put in my hair
Work it out at the gym to fit my underwear
Oakley makes the shades to transform a tool
You'd hate for the kids to think that you've lost your cool

I'm '...  Blink-182 - "I Really Wish I Hated You" I don't really like myself without you
Every song I sing is still about you
Save me from myself the way you used to
'Cause I don't really like myself without you
I really wish I hated you

A little dr...  Autopilot Off - "Clockwork" You're probably sick of being tired
You can't find the strength to close your eyes
You can't let go but you can't change everything
Stuck lying in this burning bed

Write it on the walls and read it
B...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "A Lot Like Me" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "A Lot Like Me"    How does it feel? When you have it all? How can you live? With nothing at all?  Where do you run? Where do you go? When the holes in your truth Are starting to show?  And the rain comes And the world is on my head Crave the sun But I can’t get out of bed  How can you take? Without giving back? How does it work? When it’s really cracked?  How does it feel  And no wonder Hearts and minds have been won How does it feel And I wonder How it’s all come undone And the rain comes And the world is on my head Crave the sun But I can’t get out of bed  Want it You got it You’re sorry You bought it You’re sliding Want it You got it You’re sorry You bought it Can’t hide it Tell me who do you see Cause you look a lot like me  How can you take? Without giving back? Who do you see? Cause you look a lot like me                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Everlong" Hello
I've waited here for you
Everlong
Tonight
I throw myself into
And out of the red
Out of her head she sang

Come down
And waste away with me
Down with me
Slow how
You wanted it to be
I'm over my ...  Papa Roach - "Hollywood Whore" Hollywood whore,
Passed out on the floor,
I'm sorry but the party's over.

Cocaine nose,
And trendy clothes,
Gotta send her to rehab.
She found out she's got no soul,
But it really doesn't bot...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...  Atreyu - "Blow" So fuckin' blow those words out the back of your head
I've heard it all and I'm done with that shit
You tell me lies, and you get what you get
So blow those fuckin' words out the back of your head

Oh...  Story Of The Year - "Wake Up" We are alive for a moment
One second in the great abyss of time
All the bleedin', all the hate
Just one blink of an eye
All the conflicts, it visits dire pain on human life
Are we missing what it...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Takes Me Nowhere" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Takes Me Nowhere"    When the day begins All the guilt sinks in And I look on the wreckage of the night Though I try to break free The cycle breaks me Am I ever gonna see the light?  All the friends I’ve lost And the pain I’ve caused Have never been enough just to make me stop The lines I draw to look at myself Are turning into somebody else  I know how this will end But I’m starting up again Turned around, inside out Cause this way  Takes me nowhere I can’t can’t see a way out Takes me nowhere I can’t can’t see a way out Takes me nowhere I can’t can’t see a way out It beats me up  When I go there I know I could start again When I go there Oh no, here we go again Takes me nowhere Oh no, here we go again It beats me up  Open on this scene A familiar dream Of you telling me what I already know Though the truth seems near You can’t get there from here But you sure know where you’re gonna go  As the rumor wind blows My infamy grows Seeing friends above And I hit another low The picture I paint to look at myself Is turning into somebody else  I know how this will end But I’m starting up again Turned around, inside out Cause this way  But today, if I change And stop digging my own grave I will try, to set things right Cause this way                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  CKY - "96 Quite Bitter Beings" With my perceptions in a mix
Down twenty miles through the sticks
To the cloudy town of Hellview: Population 96

Excessive vacancy, well maybe
In the shadow of an eye
All the strangers passing through...  Sum 41 - "We're All To Blame" Take everything left from me
All!
To!
Blame!

How can we still succeed, taking what we don't need?
Telling lies, alibis, selling all the hate that we breed
Super-size our tragedies! (You can't define ...  Foxboro Hot Tubs - "Mother Mary" Do you want to elope tonight
Getting lost in the shadows
All dressed up like a switchblade knife
Let's hang in love from the gallows

Or we can take a walk around the lake
There's a garden in th...  Foo Fighters - "Wheels" One, two, three, four

I know what you're thinking
We were going down
I can feel the sinking
But then I came around

And everyone I've loved before
Flashed before my eyes
And nothing mattered anymore
...  Rise Against - "Tragedy + Time" On the edges of the sharpest knives
In the middle of the darkest nights
Always knew that I would find you here
In a puddle of the bravest tears

I've seen enough to know it's lonely where you are
Abov...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?"    There’s a moment in time And it’s stuck in my mind Way back, when we were just kids  'Cause your eyes told the tale Of an act of betrayal I knew that somebody did  Oh, waves of time Seem to wash away The scenes of our crimes For you this never ends  Can you stay strong? Can you go on? Kristy, are you doing okay? A rose that won’t bloom Winter’s kept you Don’t waste your whole life trying To get back what was taken away  Though the marks on your dress Had been neatly repressed I knew that something was wrong And I should have spoke out And I’m so sorry now I didn’t know 'Cause we were so young  Oh, clouds of time Seem to rain on Innocence left behind And it never goes away  Can you stay strong? Can you go on? Kristy, are you doing okay? A rose that won’t bloom Winter’s kept you Don’t waste your whole life trying To get back what was taken away  Oh, clouds of time Seem to rain on Innocence left behind And it never goes away (It never goes away) It never goes away  Can you stay strong? Can you go on? Kristy, are you doing okay? A rose that won’t bloom Winter’s kept you Don’t waste your whole life trying To get back what was taken away                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Seether - "Broken" I wanted you to know I love the way you laugh
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain away
I keep your photograph, I know it serves me well
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain

'Cause I'm brok...  Alter Bridge - "In Loving Memory" Thanks for all you've done
I've missed you for so long
I can't believe you're gone
You still live in me
I feel you in the wind
You guide me constantly

I've never knew what it was to be alone, no
'Cau...  Papa Roach - "Scars" I tear my heart open, I sew myself shut
My weakness is that I care too much
And my scars remind me that the past is real
I tear my heart open just to feel

Drunk and I'm feeling down
And I just wanna ...  Audioslave - "Doesn't Remind Me" I walk the streets of Japan till I get lost
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything
With a graveyard tan carrying a cross
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything

I like studying faces in a parking lot
...  Rise Against - "Satellite" You can't feel the heat until you hold your hand over the flame
You have to cross the line just to remember where it lays
You won't know your worth now, son, until you take a hit
And you won't find th...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Nothingtown" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Nothingtown"    Let’s make this complicated Thinking is overrated We’re busting out Of this shitty little town  Green grass and colored lenses Tear down these picket fences Burn in our beds While the city lies sleeping  Why oh why? Are we starting up and going down? My oh my Just the two of us in Nothingtown Our superhero play We’ll leave this town today Hold on tighter With my lighter Shining through  These city streets are burning Rose red your wheels are turning Make me believe Someday we could really leave  Blindfold a new direction Stop asking better questions Don’t figure out That we’re never getting out  Why oh why? Are we starting up and going down? My oh my Just the two of us in Nothingtown Our superhero play We’ll leave this town today And I’ll row it if you steer it I’ll yell until you hear it Hold on tighter With my lighter Shining through  Why oh why? Are we starting up and going down? My oh my Just the two of us in Nothingtown Our superhero play Our dreams get in the way And I’ll row it if you steer it I’ll yell until you hear it Hold on tighter With my lighter Shining through  Still stuck in Nothingtown Still stuck in Nothingtown Come on let’s go                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Flogging Molly - "Drunken Lullabies" Must it take a life for hateful eyes
To glisten once again
Five hundred years like Gelignite
Have blown us all to hell
What savior rests while on his cross we die
Forgotten freedom burns
Has the...  Millencolin - "Fingers Crossed" I alway knew you were a keeper
Maybe not exactly from day one
Guess I never wanted it to be overdone
And even though you are a sleeper
Well, to me that's never been a crime
And after all you woke...  Hoobastank - "Out Of Control" I've done everything as you say
I've followed your rules without question
I thought it would help me see things clearly
But instead of helping me to see
I look around and it's like I'm blinded

I'm sp...  Bowling For Soup - "Almost" I almost got drunk at school at 14
Where I almost made out with the homecoming queen
Who almost went on to be Miss Texas
But lost to a slut with much bigger breastes
I almost dropped out to move to LA...  Foo Fighters - "The Pretender" Keep you in the dark
You know they all pretend
Keep you in the dark
And so it all began

Send in your skeletons
Sing as their bones go marching in again
They need you buried deep
The secrets that you ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Stuff Is Messed Up" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Stuff Is Messed Up"    Now I don’t know, and it’s hard to explain But it seems like things are just kind of insane Because the world is crying But nobody’s listening So please leave a message on my cell phone  I see bullets getting better Biblical weather And that guy on TV is like a total asshole  Who are you wearing tonight? Celebrity fundraiser, tight! Black ties making wrongs right How’s your social Band-Aid?  I don’t know much I don’t know too much But I know this Shit is fucked up!  I guess it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means I'm telling you, shit is fucked up! You know it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means  Now thank god for the media, for saving the day Putting it all into perspective in a responsible way With more celebrity news Typical bullshit views I think we’re losing this fight Sponsored by Bud Light  And now we’re rockin’ the casbah And taking the flak The genie’s out of the bottle, and we can’t put it back All this stuff It’s overwhelming my brain Can you see the storm comin’? It’s coming this way  I don’t know much I don’t know too much But I know this Shit is fucked up!  I guess it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means I'm telling you, shit is fucked up! You know it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means Justify the means  Shopping Sprees, RPG’s Ecstasy Atrophy Genocide Pimp my ride Politize Euphemize Injustice everywhere Apathy I don’t care Hurricanes Climate change Huh!  Therapy, I won’t tell Rehab and LOL Worldwide calamity TV Reality Euthanize, supersize Death squads and boob jobs VIP infamy Gratify instantly  I don’t know much I don’t know too much I don’t know much I don’t know too much  I guess it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means I'm telling you, shit is fucked up! You know it’s all about the dream The ends justify the means The means The means                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dammit" It's alright 
to tell me 
what you think 
about me
I won't try 
to argue 
or hold it 
against you
I know that 
you're leaving 
you must have 
your reasons
The season 
is calling 
and your pictures 
ar...  Foo Fighters - "Times Like These" I, I'm a one way motorway
I'm the one that drives away, follows you back home
I, I'm a street light shining
I'm a white light blinding bright, burning off and on
Uh-huh

It's times like these you lear...  Bad Religion - "Los Angeles Is Burning" Somewhere high in the desert near a curtain of a blue 
St. Anne's skirts are billowing
But down here in the city of the lime lights 
The fans of santa ana are withering
And you can’t deny that liv...  Simple Plan - "Me Against The World" We're not gonna be
Just a part of their game
We're not gonna be
Just the victims
They're taking our dreams
And they tear them apart
'Til everyone's the same
I've got no place to go
I've got nowhere to...  Airbourne - "Runnin' Wild" I've got the wind and my back and my foot to the floor
I ain't comin' back to you no more
I'm sick of your shit and your moaning whine
I'm leaving you for good come rain or shine

You can cry me ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Fix You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Fix You"    She wakes up Rage and grace Pulling me closer, pushing away And me, the sharpest thorn on your vine Twisting and turning, we're all intertwined Broken wing Empty glass Words that scream and bounce right back She says, "You know We'd all like to rearrange"  I wish I could fix you And make you how I want you I wish I could fix you And I wish you could fix me I wish I could heal you And mend where you are broken I wish I could heal you And I wish you could heal me  Ha la la la  A beaming sunrise buries the night The setting sun destroys the light Then she says, "Baby, I've got to get going" Cutting each other without even knowing  She sees a million stars like holes in the sky All God's tears, for her they cry And I am in her rain  I wish I could fix you And make you how I want you I wish I could fix you And I wish you could fix me I wish I could heal you And mend where you are broken I wish I could heal you And I wish you could heal me  Broken wing Empty glass Words that scream and bounce right back She says, "You know We'd all like to rearrange"                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Grace for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "My Generation" If only we could fly
Limp Bizkit style
John Otto, take 'em to the Matthews Bridge
Can you feel it?
My g-g-generation, get up!
My g-g-generation, are you ready?

Do you know where you are?
Welcome to t...  Green Day - "Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)" Fuck...

Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go
So make the best of this test, and don't ask why
It's not a question, but a lesson learned...  Less Than Jake - "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" This is a fair request, and I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
You will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation judges people by their race,
their belief, or the...  My Chemical Romance - "I Don't Love You" Well, when you go
So never think, I'll make you try to stay
And maybe when you get back
I'll be off to find another way

Well, after all this time that you still owe
You're still a good-for-nothing I ...  Pennywise - "Bro Hymn" To all my friends, present past and beyond 
Especially those who weren't with us too long
Life is the most precious thing you can lose
While you were here the fun was never ending
Laugh a minute w...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom"    In my perfect isolation I can stay here for awhile Antidotes and revelations Just extend my own exile  Wasting away The world’s right in front of me Funny you should say That it’s all in my head Wasting away We’re hitting rock bottom And going down in flames Well it’s not that bad  With my lack of observation I can stay in here for days Could you find my motivation I can’t see it through this haze  Wasting away The world’s right in front of me Funny you should say That it’s all in my head Wasting away We’re hitting rock bottom And going down in flames Well it’s not that bad  Wishing away The world’s right in front of me Call me anyway Cause it’s all in my head Wasting away We’re hitting rock bottom And going down in flames Well it’s not that bad  Wasting all my days What would Ivan say Wasting all my days What would Ivan say  Wasting away We’re hitting rock bottom Call me anyway Cause I got two friends Wasting away We’re going down together And all in all it’s not so bad All in all it’s not so bad  It’s hard to know Where to start and where to go I will never say these words again                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "My Way" Check, check, check, check, check, che-eck, check, check
Check, check, check out my melody
Check, check, che-eck, check, check, check, check
Check, check, check out my melody
Che-eck, check, check, ch...  Goldfinger - "Stalker" Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh WOO!

She calls me on the phone
Hoping that I'm home
And that I'm all alone
But when I say hello,
I only hear dial tone
She thinks that I'm her own
Outside my wi...  Volbeat - "I Only Wanna Be With You" I don't know what it is that makes me love you so
I only know I never want to let you go
Cause you started something
Oh can't you see
And ever since we met you've had a hold on me
It happens to be tru...  NOFX - "We Called It America" "The leads are weak."
"The leads are weak; fucking leads are weak? You're weak."

Remember when America had a middle class and an upper class? 
That was way before the exodus.
That was the America tha...  Authority Zero - "Revolution" Look at the blueprints as they disappear
Gaze at the blank space filled with all our fears
To make a move could mean devastation
To take a chance is the way to face them
Making a choice to take a ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Rise And Fall" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Rise And Fall"    This time you’re really dead Once followed, but always led You thought you’d rise above it all  It’s all inside your head All ripping it up in shreds I know someday you’re gonna fall  And I don’t wanna say I told you so But I told you so Now you’ve lost control  And I don’t wanna be the rise and fall So gimme more or nothing at all  You’re in an awful way Sucked in by what you crave They just can’t wait to see you crawl  And you can only laugh Give in to the other half They’re only tearing down your walls  They’ve come to see you rise and fall They’re only tearing down your walls They’ve come to see you rise and fall And I don’t wanna say you’ve lost control  Rise and fall is Good and evil, Appearance and reality, Judgment and reflection. It is to judge and to be judged, To dream and to accept. It is Triumph and despair, Wish and realization,  And we are both.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman, Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)     You May Also Like  Goldfinger - "Superman" So here I am
doing everything I can
holding on to what I am
pretending I'm a superman

I'm trying to keep
the ground on my feet
it seems the world's
falling down around me

The nights are al...  Nickelback - "Flat On The Floor" Not like I need to depend upon anyone
Since I can see the lack of need for me to be here at all
One more anthem for the know it all
I won't be standing up for long I better learn how to crawl
Lear...  Rise Against - "Savior" It kills me not to know this but I've all but just forgotten
What the color of her eyes were and her scars or how she got them
As the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropping
Through t...  Green Day - "Nuclear Family" Gonna ride the world like a merry-go-round
Like a Ferris wheel that's breaking down
Drinking angel's piss, gonna crash and burn
I just want some action so gimme my turn

Like a Chinese drama and consp...  Royal Republic - "Getting Along" I don't believe you
When you say no more
So catch your breath
When you hit the floor

Never leave you
Then I'll take you back
Back and forth
On a one-way track

Let the walls come down
Turn the lights...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "O.C. Life" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "O.C. Life"  (originally by D.I.)    Want to be a member, want to be a name Want to be a local face that plays the social games Dancing through a time will bring you dinosaur trends The limits of your mind is where the county line ends Listen to the media present it all as fact Following the lead 'cause you don't know how to act Travel in a straight line 'cause you don't know your own way They'll get you in the end before you know you have a say  This O.C. life is not the life for me Insulated world, trade your happy thoughts O.C. life is not the life so free Oppression is for real With artificial joys for you girls and boys  Want to be remembered, want to have some fame Fighting to stay ahead is a part of the game ATM and Starbucks, every corner are the norm Environment so sterile, it'll get you to conform 714, wear it like a brand Contaminated future has a biohazard scent Fighting their rules, I don't see their way Guess you're really in before you know you have a say  This O.C. life is not the life for me Insulated world, with wide happy thoughts O.C. life is not the life so free Oppression is for real With artificial joys for you girls and boys  Check you out You're all over TV                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Rikk Agnew       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace" (2008)  Half-Truism  Trust In You  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid  Hammerhead  A Lot Like Me  Takes Me Nowhere  Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?  Nothingtown  Stuff Is Messed Up  Fix You  Let's Hear It For Rock Bottom  Rise And Fall  O.C. Life (Japanese Bonus Track)        Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The Future Is Now" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The Future Is Now"    This city’s made of diamonds And tomorrow glass will grow On the freedoms that divide us They’re coming after me Flashback 1984 Now who’s knock-knocking at your door? A thought that starts a riot They’re coming after me now  Life is not the same I am one but Sparks turn into flames  Will you take what’s in my head? And erase me when I’m dead? Cause the future is now And now I’m disappearing  The day has turned to night Can you save me from the light? Cause the future is here And this is how I disappear  Running down a spiral With the light of better men Shouting progress is survival Take one last look and see me Now you see me, now you don’t No vow to break No string of hope My hero, your pariah They’re coming after me now  Life is just god’s game I am one but Sparks turn into flames  And you get what you deserve When revenge is what you serve Cause the future is now And now I’m disappearing  I’ll sink into the night And I’m turning off the lights Cause the future is here And this is how I disappear  So the end’s what you make it And that’s what you’re looking for This is the future The future is now  Disappear I disappear  Now turn off the lights The skies are blue inside you Turn off the lights They’ll get inside of you                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to JadeErrol for adding these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Zebrahead - "Falling Apart" Stutter step through another trap set by deception
Mention rejection
Always lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
Jeopardize everything that I want
And I wo...  Papa Roach - "Not Listening" I'm not listening, not anymore
The more I learn, the more I ignore
I'm not listening, not anymore
The more I hear, the more I ignore
I'm not listening, not anymore, No

Cause You gotta be bigger...  Green Day - "Boulevard Of Broken Dreams" I walk a lonely road
The only one that I have ever known
Don't know where it goes
But it's home to me and I walk alone

I walk this empty street
On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Where the city sleeps...  Billy Talent - "This Suffering" Like a target drawn across my chest
She's a bullet in Russian Roulette
You said you'd never turn your back on me
(Rescue me, rescue me)
Would you stand by me or bury me?
(Bury me)
Why don't we e...  Social Distortion - "Reach For The Sky" When I was young I was invincible,
I find myself now thinking twice,
I never thought about no future,
its just the roll of the dice.

But the day may come when you've got something to lose,
and ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Secrets From The Underground" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Secrets From The Underground"    Feel the way it grows when the words have left the mark With the promise of tomorrow, That tricks and leaves you in the dark There's something in the air, And there's something rising up Not one but a million that have had enough  Hey, yo, no, I'm not gonna go away I got something more to say Kick and scream, It knocks you down, it knocks you down Hey yo, go, underneath we'll tear you down Secrets from the underground, Anger starts a fire!  This is not an anthem, Or a threat in someone's name But a promise that tomorrow Will rock and burn, if things don't change There's something in the air, And There's something rising up Not one but a million that have had enough!  Hey, yo, no, I'm not gonna go away I got something more to say Kick and scream, It knocks you down, it knocks you down Hey yo, go, underneath we'll tear you down Secrets from the underground, Anger starts a fire!  Underneath we'll tear you down Oh, oh, oh, secrets from the underground  Hey, yo, no, I'm not gonna go away I got something more to say Kick and scream, It knocks you down, it knocks you down Hey yo, go, underneath we'll tear you down Secrets from the underground, Anger starts a fire! Hey yo, go Hey yo, go Secrets from the underground, Anger starts a fire!                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to grant, Jack Package, Celoriu for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Linkin Park - "Faint" I am a little bit of loneliness, a little bit of disregard
Handful of complaints, but I can't help the fact that everyone can see these scars
I am what I want you to want, what I want you to feel
But...  Rise Against - "Re-Education (Through Labor)" To the sound of a heartbeat pounding away
To the rhythm of the awful rusted machines
We toss and turn but don't sleep
Each breath we take makes us thieves
Like causes without rebels
Just talk but...  Anti-Flag - "Broken Bones" Broken bones and broken glass ,
Broken hearts and broken heads.
Livin’ the life.

Close my eyes try to make it last.

Outrun the wretched memories of my past. 
It moves too fast.
I got no chance

A fr...  Buckcherry - "Gluttony" I get it started and then I'm broken hearted
'Cause I can't get a hold of the beast
It's like I'm blind, I'm running out of time
And everything I crave is out of reach

You say I drink too much, you s...  Royal Republic - "Underwear" New girl, hot girl on the new job
New boss Mr. Moore, he's a real snob
High heels, long legs, tight skirt, great skin
Inducing thoughts of sin
Involuntary action
His primitive satisfaction
Gets down, ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Days Go By" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Days Go By"    Run to the light It won't save you tonight All our yesterdays are pictures lost in time Never enough Towers crumble to dust Looking back on the moments of our lives  All your anger all your hurt Doesn't matter in the end Those days go by And we all start again What you had and what you lost They're all memories in the wind Those days go by And we all start again  Stars still burn bright Seasons change overnight As we find a way the times they come and go Look back in love A new day rises above With the wind it comes to carry you back home  All your anger all your hurt Doesn't matter in the end Those days go by And we all start again What you had and what you lost They're all memories in the wind Those days go by And we all start again  All your anger all your hurt Doesn't matter in the end Those days go by And we all start again What you had and what you lost They're all memories in the wind Those days go by And we all start again  What you had and what you lost What you had and what you lost Those days go by Those days go by Those days go by                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Dave Beda for adding these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  AFI - "Girl's Not Grey" I'll lay me down tonight
Much further down
Swim in the calm tonight
This art does drown

(What follows) me as the whitest lace of light
(Will swallow whole) just begs to be imbrued?
(What follo...  Limp Bizkit - "Behind Blue Eyes" No one knows what it's like to be the bad man
To be the sad man behind blue eyes
And no one knows what it's like to be hated
To be fated to telling only lies

But my dreams, they aren't as empty
As my...  Airbourne - "Runnin' Wild" I've got the wind and my back and my foot to the floor
I ain't comin' back to you no more
I'm sick of your shit and your moaning whine
I'm leaving you for good come rain or shine

You can cry me ...  Volbeat - "Lola Montez" Feel the fire where she walks
Lola Montez so beautiful
Shady and a tempered dame
Blinding your eyes with her spider dance

Her performance utterly erotic subversive to all ideas
And for public moralit...  Weezer - "Back To The Shack" Sorry guys I didn't realize that I needed you so much
I thought I'd get a new audience, I forgot that disco sucks
I ended up with nobody and I started feeling dumb
Maybe I should play the lead guitar ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Turning Into You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Turning Into You"    A day to remember The echoes and embers Are heavy on my mind The pictures are broken, The front door is open The scars are left behind  Tables turn Your words they're burning Leaving me undone I flinch and shake until I break I swear to God for once! Could you just hear me? Just really hear me..?  I've been drowning in the sea I've tried to please you It's all I'll ever be It's all I ever knew I try to be me, but I'm turning into you  The music is hurting, The drugs aren't working The walls come crushing down Another rejection For my insurrection It's crawling back somehow  Tables turn These words they burn I never should have come I flinch and shake until I break I swear to God for once Could you just hear me? No, really hear me?  I've been drowning in the sea I've tried to please you It's all I'll ever be It's all I ever knew I try to be me, but I'm turning into you Turning into you  I'm not how I used to be, I'm changing cause of you I'm screaming just to breathe It's all that I can do I try to be me, but I'm turning into you Turning into you  Any more, find a way, hey, hey Any more, find a way to there  It's all that I can see It's all that I can do I try to be me, but I'm turning into you  I've been drowning in the sea I've tried to please you It's all I'll ever be It's all I ever knew I try to be me, but I'm turning into you Turning into you  I'm not how I used to be, I'm changing 'cause of you I'm screaming just to breathe It's all that I can do I try to be me, but I'm turning into you Turning into you  Turning into you                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Jack Package, grant for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "What's My Age Again?" I took her out. It was a Friday night
I wore cologne to get the feeling right
We started making out, and she took off my pants
But then I turned on the TV

And that's about the time she walked away fr...  Audioslave - "Like A Stone" On a cobweb afternoon in a room full of emptiness
By a freeway, I confess I was lost in the pages
Of a book full of death, reading how we'll die alone
And if we're good, we'll lay to rest anywhere we ...  Volbeat - "Fallen" Feel the sadness burning in my heart.
You left to early father love.
So many things I should have said.
But in your mind you knew it well.
Holding on to what I got and love.
But things still seem so d...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  Sum 41 - "Out For Blood" Zero chances, no way out
No solutions, give in now
(There's no point resisting, there's nobody listening)
Are we just sick? Are we just tired?
Apathetic, uninspired
(What's to believe in, there's nobo...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hurting As One" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hurting As One"    Been reaching for a reason for the pain that's come (oh, oh, oh) Been waiting for the season when the healing's done (Oh, oh, oh)  Well, line up in black and white This blood runs red on both sides Broken in two, Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as...  See the battle now it's raging in our hearts and minds Hear the voices how they're shouting out the others' crimes  Well, our past lies dressed in white We're all just dragged to the fight Broken in two, Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh  Line up in black and white This blood runs red on both sides Our past now thrown aside (thrown aside) We're all just dragged to the fight Broken in two, Hurting as one Hurting as one Hurting as one  We could be one We could be one We're coming undone We could be one Hurting as                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to grant, Jack Package, Eddy, AtticusTKAM, Lyrixfix for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Hollywood Whore" Hollywood whore,
Passed out on the floor,
I'm sorry but the party's over.

Cocaine nose,
And trendy clothes,
Gotta send her to rehab.
She found out she's got no soul,
But it really doesn't bot...  Rise Against - "Savior" It kills me not to know this but I've all but just forgotten
What the color of her eyes were and her scars or how she got them
As the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropping
Through t...  Foo Fighters - "These Days" One of these days the ground will drop out from beneath your feet
One of these days your heart will stop and play its final beat
One of these days the clocks will stop and time won't mean a thing
One ...  Green Day - "Kill The DJ" Walking after dark
In the New York City park
Your thoughts are so unholy
In the holiest of holes
Onward Christian soldiers
Filled with jive and mind control

The blood left on the dance floor
Runnin',...  Millencolin - "True Brew" Some say that nothing lasts forever
But no one knows what happens when you die
So if this is all there is, it’s now or never
Life’s too short to not give it a try
Try your wings, find out if you can f...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)"    Boom, boom, boom Turn up the beat, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, I wanna feel it California – don’t cha wish that you could come Cause we’re never going home Till the summer’s all gone   [Verse:] Ahh, summertime and the living’s easy Cruisin’, bumpin’ my Huntington Beach Cause the sun will shine We have a good time They all line up for a bump and grind  And the girl that you want Is directly out in front And she’s waving her caboose at you You sneeze Achoo She calls you out woo hoo!  ‘I know you heard that bass Bumpin’ in my trunk B-bumpin’ in my trunk B-bumpin’ in my trunk’ – Oh yeah!  ‘I know you heard that bass Bumpin’ in my trunk –uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk – uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk’ – Let’s go!   [Chorus:] Boom, boom, boom Turn up the beat, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, I wanna feel it California – don’t cha wish that you could come Cause we’re never going home Till the summer’s all gone   [Verse:] The sun goes down The fire pits leap It’s another summer night here in the OC  Well I’m not no baller Though I do have an Impala And I might say hey But I’d never say holla  And the girl with the gloss And a G-string just like floss Well she’s waving her caboose at you I bet you do! She calls you out woo hoo!  ‘I know you heard that bass Bumpin’ in my trunk – Uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk – Uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk’ – Bump that trunk! ‘I know you heard that bass Bumpin’ in my trunk –Uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk – Uh huh B-bumpin’ in my trunk’ – Let’s go!   [Chorus:] Boom, boom, boom Turn up the beat, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, I wanna feel it California – don’t cha wish that you could come With the radio on Blazin’ all summer long  Boom, boom, boom You’re all up freakin’ Ooh, ooh, ooh, My friends are drinkin’ California – don’t cha wish that you could come Cause we’re never going home Till the summer’s all gone                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to JadeErrol for adding these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dumpweed" It's understood, I said it many ways
Too scared to run, I'm too scared to stay
I said I'd leave, but I could never leave her
And if I did, you know I'd never cheat her
But this I ask, it's what I want...  SR-71 - "Politically Correct" I don't mean to piss you off with things I might say
But when I try to shut my mouth they come out anyway
When I speak my mind, that's when we connect
But that's not politically correct

Your hea...  Green Day - "Holiday" Say, hey!

Hear the sound of the falling rain
Coming down like an Armageddon flame (Hey!)
The shame
The ones who died without a name

Hear the dogs howling out of key
To a hymn called "Faith and Miser...  Bad Religion - "21st Century (Digital Boy)" I can't believe it: the way you look sometimes
Like a trampled flag on a city street, oh yeah
And I don't want it: the things you're offering me
Symbolized bar code, quick ID, oh yeah

'Cause I'm a 21...  Nickelback - "What Are You Waiting For?" What are you waiting for?
What are you waiting for?

Are you waiting on a lightning strike?
Are you waiting for the perfect night?
Are you waiting 'til the time is right?
What are you waiting for?
Don...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "All I Have Left Is You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "All I Have Left Is You"    I’ll be the one, spin me around Lifting you up, and holding me down Inside a storm is raging, it blows up in your eyes Inside a heart is breaking, rivers running dry  I could run, I could hide When I’m crashing down who’s the one who saves me? Oh, intertwined, wrap around me with your thorns  And we’re holding on when There’s nothing left to hold on to So don’t tell me when it’s gone Cause’ all I have left is you  Out of love, out of time When I’m falling down you’re the one who saved me Oh, intertwined, wrap around me now with your thorns  And we’re holding on when There’s nothing left to hold on to So don’t tell me when it’s gone Cause’ all I have left is you When there’s nothing left to hold onto So don’t tell me when it’s gone Cause’ all I have left, all I have left is you  I’ll be the one lifting you up again Inside a storm is raging, hold me down, hold me down I’ll be here waiting, I’ll be here waiting for  And we’re holding on when There’s nothing left to hold on to So don’t tell me when it’s gone Cause’ all I have left is you.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Stay Together For The Kids" It's hard to wake up, when the shades have been pulled shut
This house is haunted, it's so pathetic, it makes no sense at all
I'm ripe with things to say, the words rot and fall away
If this stupid po...  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Bad Religion - "Los Angeles Is Burning" Somewhere high in the desert near a curtain of a blue 
St. Anne's skirts are billowing
But down here in the city of the lime lights 
The fans of santa ana are withering
And you can’t deny that liv...  Jimmy Eat World - "I Will Steal You Back" The way you pull me in sometimes I almost feel
The picture in my head is just too real
It's gonna be how it is, there's some things you don't change
I'm done with telling myself that story

How slowly...  AFI - "Twisted Tongues" We watched the world
Turn itself backward
Now, in reverse
You spit out big words
Over a low sun
Undo the undone

You talk in twisted tongues
Of an absolving curse
You talk in twisted tongues
I whisper...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "O.C. Guns" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "O.C. Guns"    Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Yo guero! You puto! Pendejo! Cabron Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Shoot them in the back when the beat, beat on  Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Yo guero! You puto! Pendejo! Cabron Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Shoot them in the back when the beat, beat on  Punk ass gonna get it alright O.C. guns gonna come out tonight Mira, muy borracho coming, cause 2 in the front seat and 2 in the back And nothing good gonna come out of that They're living fast and rolling slow  Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Yo guero! You puto! Pendejo! Cabron Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Shoot them in the back when the beat, beat on  One shot gonna make it alright O.C. guns gonna come out tonight Take a look at that Vaya Con Dios! 2 in the front seat and 2 in the back  And nothing good gonna come out of that They're living fast and rolling slow  Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Yo guero! You puto! Pendejo! Cabron Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Shoot them in the back, I shoot them in the back  Follow me to a bottomless sea Come out on top underneath the palm trees Taking night where the sun shines bright The boom boom boom is gonna turn out the night Just be a  I got to say what you are thinking You’ve got to have it all day long God’s gift you take it without blinking What was your swan is now your song  Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Yo guero! You puto! Pendejo! Cabron Tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki, Waddup holmes? Shoot them in the back, I shoot them in the back  I’m going, I’m going downtown I’m going down, down, down.                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Mark, SN, gen-thylon, Heather McCasland, Chris for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Last Resort" Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort
Suffocation, no breathing
Don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
This is my last resort

Cut my life into pieces
I've reached my last resort
Suffocat...  Limp Bizkit - "Break Stuff" It's just one of those days
When you don't wanna wake up
Everything is fucked
Everybody sucks
You don't really know why
But you wanna justify
Rippin' someone's head off
No human contact
And if you int...  Blink-182 - "Stay Together For The Kids" It's hard to wake up, when the shades have been pulled shut
This house is haunted, it's so pathetic, it makes no sense at all
I'm ripe with things to say, the words rot and fall away
If this stupid po...  Smashing Pumpkins - "Zero" My reflection, dirty mirror
There's no connection to myself
I'm your lover, I'm your zero
I'm the face in your dreams of glass
So save your prayers
For when we're really gonna need'em
Throw out ...  Pearl Jam - "Dance Of The Clairvoyants" Confusion is to commotion
What love is to our devotion
Imperceptibly big, big as the ocean
And equally hard to control

So save your predictions and burn your assumptions
Love is friction, ripe for co...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Dirty Magic" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Dirty Magic"    In my own simple way I think she wants me only She said," Come over right away." But she's just not that way Her little soul is stolen See her put on her brand new face   [Chorus] Pull the shades Razor blades You're so tragic I hate you so but love you more I'm so elastic The things you say Games you play Dirty magic  I should know better than to think I'd reach inside her It's all a cloudy kind of daze She's not so sweet today She mocks me, I'm no fighter It all just seems like such a waste   [Chorus]  It's oversimplified [x3]   [Chorus]                   Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Keith Holland, Ron Welty, Greg Kriesel, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ignition" (1992)  Session  We Are One  Kick Him When He's Down  Take It Like A Man  Get It Right  Dirty Magic  Hypodermic  Burn It Up  No Hero  L.A.P.D.  Nothing From Something  Forever And A Day    album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Foo Fighters - "Big Me" When I talk about it
Carries on
Reasons only knew
When I talk about it
Aries or treasons all renew

Big me to talk about it
I could stand to prove
If we can get around it
I know that it's true

Well I...  The Hives - "Hate To Say I Told You So" Do what I want cause I can and if I don't
because I wanna be ignored by the stiff and the bored
because I'm gonna.
Spit and retrieve cause I give and receive
because I wanna gonna get through your...  Sugarcult - "Los Angeles" I want a girl, girl that won't talk back
And a job, job that gives me slack
And a car, car that won't break down
In the heat of Los Angeles
I want to go, go without a map
Far away, away, I won't ...  Rise Against - "Re-Education (Through Labor)" To the sound of a heartbeat pounding away
To the rhythm of the awful rusted machines
We toss and turn but don't sleep
Each breath we take makes us thieves
Like causes without rebels
Just talk but...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "I Wanna Secret Family (With You)" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "I Wanna Secret Family (With You)"    Every girl’s a story, call it morning glory She works at the Pink Pony, oh Dancing on the table, and everybody's able Holding up his dollars, pointing as he hollers  It's you, well you knock me out, baby I want a secret family with you Well you knock me out, baby  It's too big to bag on, Gotta get my swag on Looking for an adult Standing in the mirror, Tryin' to get you nearer Funky misdemeanor This is what he said  He said, I’ve been a lonely man, du du du du du du du Such a lonely man, du du du du du du du I’ve been a lonely man, du du du du du du du Such a lonely man, du du du du du du du  It’s you, well you knock me out baby I want a secret family with you Well you knock me out, baby  First we went to the buffet With the cell phone put away Girl you dope like D.E.A. And it's bigger than both of us  It’s you, well you knock me out, baby I want a secret family with you And it’s alright  I've been a lonely man Such a lonely man I've been a lonely man Such a lonely man  Now I've got you, well you knock me out, baby I want a secret family with you Well you knock me out, baby  First we went to the buffet With the cell phone put away Girl you dope like D.E.A. And it's bigger than both of us  It's you, well you knock me out, baby I want a secret family with you Start a secret family with you And it's alright Yeah it's alright                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to grant, Jack Package, Jack Package, Nicholas Von Busch for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Break Stuff" It's just one of those days
When you don't wanna wake up
Everything is fucked
Everybody sucks
You don't really know why
But you wanna justify
Rippin' someone's head off
No human contact
And if you int...  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Green Day - "Longview" I sit around and watch the tube, but nothing's on
I change the channels for an hour or two
Twiddle my thumbs just for a bit
I'm sick of all the same old shit
In a house with unlocked doors
And I'm fuc...  Zebrahead - "Blackout" Whoa-oh-oh
We will not break but we might bend
Whoa-oh-oh
I'll see you at the bitter end

Realize I've got nothing for you
Got blood on my hands
Yeah pain is a virtue
Understand that I'll do anything
...  Halestorm - "Love Bites (So Do I)" Don't listen what your girlfriend says
She reads those magazines
That say you fail the test
You don't have what she needs
I'll slither like a viper
And get you by the neck
I know a thousand ways to he...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Dividing By Zero" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Dividing By Zero"    Oh take me higher all the way to the sun Down to the wire fighting's only begun  It's closing in on you, closing in on you Run from the fire raining down on you It's closing in on you, closing in on you Oh, and no way out oh oh  I will persevere, I will resist to hear I will interfere I'm not the only son, my will will be done Omniscient begun  It's closing in on you, closing in on you Run from the fire raining down on you It's closing in on you, closing in on you And no way out  Gonna make it through, gonna make it through Divide by zero like a wrecking crew Closing in on you, closing in on you oh Oh, and no way out oh oh  Oh take me higher all the way to the sun  I will persevere I will resist to hear I will interfere  It's closing in on you, closing in on you Run from the fire raining down on you It's closing in on you, closing in on you Oh, and no way out oh, oh  Gonna make it through, gonna make it through Divide by zero like a wrecking crew Closing in on you, closing in on you Oh, and no way out oh oh                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to grant, koulouze, Danny G, AtticusTKAM for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Green Day - "Boulevard Of Broken Dreams" I walk a lonely road
The only one that I have ever known
Don't know where it goes
But it's home to me and I walk alone

I walk this empty street
On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Where the city sleeps...  Linkin Park - "New Divide" I remembered black skies
The lightning all around me
I remembered each flash
As time began to blur
Like a startling sign
That fate had finally found me
And your voice was all I heard
That I get what I...  Shinedown - "Enemies" Listen up, there's not a moment to spare
It's quite a drop from the top. So how you feeling down there?
It’s a cold, cruel, harsh reality
Got stuck here with your enemies

Who do you think you are,
Te...  Billy Talent - "Kingdom Of Zod" We'll never drink your medicine and we'll never think your way
Masters of broken promises are born to manipulate
Your mind is a vault of prejudice but we see through the door
Your dirty little secrets...  Weezer - "The End Of The Game" Hey, Suzy, where you been today?
I'm looking for you every way
No sign of you when I wake up
I'm on an island with no sun

I feel like I've known you my whole life
You got me cryin' like when Aslan di...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell"    Take me for a ride I'm the one you pushed aside But it's coming back to you Yeah, it's coming back to you, hey!  Run to the sound Take it back and double down 'Cause it's coming back to you Yeah, it's coming back to you  Ah-ah-ah, well we're pouring gasoline So dance around the fire that we once believed in  Ah-ah-ah It'll never be the same, now 'Cause there's nothing left for us to be Give it up, the champions of greed So come around and have another round on me  Dance, fucker, dance, let the motherfucker burn! hey!  Snake's in the grass while you are living in the past Say what're you gonna do? Yeah what're you gonna do? -hey!  Earn, never learn When you're cheering while it burns Yeah we're coming after you Yeah we're coming after you -hey!  Slim Pickens, well he does the right thing And he rides the bomb to hell Yeah, he rides the bomb to hell  Watch the pulse, it quickens after every little sting If you're gonna go to hell Drink it up, you might as well  Are you really gonna take it like that? Riding on the missile with the cowboy hat, and  Ah-ah-ah, well the world is gonna end So dance around the fire that we once believed in  Ah-ah-ah Wanna tear it down again, now 'Cause there's nothing left for us to bleed Give it up, the sons of anarchy So come around and have another round on me  Dance, fucker, dance, let the motherfucker burn! hey!  Are you really gonna take it like that? Riding on the missile with the baseball bat, and  Ah-ah-ah, well we're pouring gasoline So dance around the fire that we once believed in Ah-ah-ah, it will never be the same The takers and the liars that we all believed in Ah-ah-ah, well we're going down in flames So dance around the fire We dance around the fire  'Cause it's never left for us to be Give it up, the champions of grief So come around and have another round of me  Hey! -hey!  Dance, fucker, dance, let the motherfucker burn! hey!                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Grand Masater, grant, CJ for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Days Go By" (2012)  The Future Is Now  Secrets From The Underground  Days Go By  Turning Into You  Hurting As One  Cruising California (Bumpin' In My Trunk)  All I Have Left Is You  O.C. Guns  Dirty Magic  I Wanna Secret Family (With You)  Dividing By Zero  Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing And Rides The Bomb To Hell     You May Also Like  Hoobastank - "Out Of Control" I've done everything as you say
I've followed your rules without question
I thought it would help me see things clearly
But instead of helping me to see
I look around and it's like I'm blinded

I'm sp...  Blink-182 - "Always" I've been here before a few times
And I'm quite aware we're dying
And your hands they shake with goodbyes
And I'll take you back if you'd have me 
So here I am I'm trying
So here I am are you rea...  Jimmy Eat World - "Pain" I don't feel the way I've ever felt
I know
Gonna smile and not get worried
I try but it shows

Anyone can make what I have built and better now
Anyone can find the same white pills
It takes my pain aw...  Simple Plan - "Take My Hand" Hey Hey
Hey Hey

Sometimes I feel like everybody's got a problem
Sometimes I feel like nobody wants to solve them
I know that people say we're never going to make it
But I know we're going to ge...  The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus - "Face Down" Hey, girl, you know you drive me crazy
One look puts the rhythm in my hand
Still I'll never understand why you hang around
I see what's going down

Cover up with make-up in the mirror
Tell yourself, i...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "This Is Not Utopia" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "This Is Not Utopia"    Like a shot without a warning Lies a life that's left behind And though I try It's something I Just can't unsee, it's burned into my mind  And I wake up in the morning News keeps flashing on my eyes These dying streets are bruised and beaten And riot flags are waving Poor and weak, we extend this streak These lives we could be saving Life is cheap I sit and weep 'cause there's just no mistaking This is not utopia  The roots, the roots, the roots of America The roots, the roots, the roots of hysteria The roots, the roots, the rules don't matter anymore This is not utopia  The roots, the roots, the roots of America The roots, the roots, the roots of hysteria You and you and you don't matter anymore  The better angels of our nature Well they've gone away to hide Brutality I can't unsee These pictures are just burned into my mind  It's commotion in slow motion It's humanity denied A violent race Punch in the face With all this hate how can we all survive?  And if a change is coming What makes it take so long? And if a change is coming Why sing the same old song? This is not utopia  The roots, the roots, the roots of America The roots, the roots, the roots of hysteria The roots, the roots, the rules don't matter anymore This is not utopia  The roots, the roots, the roots of America The roots, the roots, the roots of hysteria You and you and you don't matter anymore This is not utopia  The roots, the roots, the roots of America The roots, the roots, the roots of hysteria And you and you and you don't matter anymore (This not utopia)  So now how long must we wait? Until love conquers hate? And heal these hearts 'Cause it all starts Right here                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Green Day - "Minority" I wanna be the minority
I don't need your authority
Down with the moral majority
'Cause I wanna be the minority

I pledge allegiance to the underworld
One nation underdog
There of which I stand alone
...  Rise Against - "Prayer Of The Refugee" Warm yourself by the fire, son,
And the morning will come soon.
I'll tell you stories of a better time,
In a place that we once knew.

Before we packed our bags
And left all this behind us in th...  Dropkick Murphys - "I'm Shipping Up To Boston" I'm a sailor peg
And I've lost my leg
Climbing up the top sails
I lost my leg!

I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping off......  Anti-Flag - "Broken Bones" Broken bones and broken glass ,
Broken hearts and broken heads.
Livin’ the life.

Close my eyes try to make it last.

Outrun the wretched memories of my past. 
It moves too fast.
I got no chance

A fr...  Zebrahead - "All My Friends Are Nobodies" To all my friends who are just like me
Another cog in the big machine
Another victim of the industry
It just don't mean nothing to me
To all the lost who have had enough
To everybody that has given up...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Let The Bad Times Roll" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Let The Bad Times Roll"    Oh, baby let the bad times roll Oh, baby let the bad times roll  We're gonna hang 'em high We're gonna shoot straight up in the air This eye is for an eye Don't need to ask and don't need to care  But don't be thinking we're crazy When you see all the hell that we're raising Don't be thinking we're crazy Cause the truth is what we're erasing  And so I I'm doing it all for you I'm doing it all for you  Oh, baby let the bad times roll Machiavelli flow Hey Lincoln, how does your grave roll?  Take what's right and make it wrong Make it up as I go along Let me know when you decide Apathy or suicide Oh, baby let the bad times roll  Now it was all a lie But that bitch won't get in my way Keep shoutin' what I like - lock her up lock her up Now that's a good one I gotta say  But don't be thinking we're crazy When you see all the hell that we're raising Don't be thinking we're crazy Cause the truth is what we're erasing  And so I I'm turning my back on you I'm turning my back on you  Oh, baby let the bad times roll On a stripper pole Ya fuck it let the bad times roll  Mexicans and blacks and Jews Got it all figured out for you Gonna build a wall let you decide Apathy or suicide Oh baby let the bad times roll Now I'm letting the bad times roll  I'm doing it all for you I'm doing it all for you  Oh, baby let the bad times roll Machiavelli flow Hey Lincoln, how does your grave roll?  Take what's right and make it wrong Make it up as I go along Let me know when you decide Apathy or suicide Oh, baby let the bad times roll  Oh, baby let the bad times roll Let me know when you decide Apathy or suicide Oh, baby let the bad times roll                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland     "Let The Bad Times Roll" was the first track released from The Offspring's eponymous studio album. The band stated on Twitter on the release day, the 24th of February 2021, "We know, we know... it's been 9 years since you got your hands on a new Offspring album, but we think you've waited long enough... We are beyond thrilled to present you with our new single 'Let The Bad Times Roll!'"   According to the frontman Dexter Holland this song reflected the "ongoing challenges" the USA was facing. He explained, "I feel like we're in a unique period in history where instead of our world leaders saying, 'We're doing our best,' it's more like they're saying, 'Fuck it,' and it's really scary." Noodles added, "Folks are saying, 'If it's all going to Hell, we might as well make the most out of it, or at least go out swinging.'"     AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Behind Blue Eyes" No one knows what it's like to be the bad man
To be the sad man behind blue eyes
And no one knows what it's like to be hated
To be fated to telling only lies

But my dreams, they aren't as empty
As my...  Green Day - "Wake Me Up When September Ends" Summer has come and passed
The innocent can never last
Wake me up when September ends

Like my father's come to pass
Seven years has gone so fast
Wake me up when September ends

Here comes the rain ag...  Foo Fighters - "Walk" A million miles away
Your signal in the distance
To whom it may concern
I think I lost my way
Gettin' good at startin' over
Every time that I return

I'm learnin' to walk again
I believe I've waited l...  Rise Against - "Make It Stop (September's Children)" Bang, bang go the coffin nails, like a breath exhaled,
Then gone forever.
It seems like just yesterday, how did I miss the red flags raised?
Think back the days we laughed.
We braved these bitter stor...  Dropkick Murphys - "Rose Tattoo" The pictures tell the story
This life had many shades
I'd wake up every morning and before I'd start each day
I'd take a drag from last nights cigarette
That smoldered in its tray
Down a little someth...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Behind Your Walls" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Behind Your Walls"    Tell me how do I reach you when all I see is a stare? How do you look for the signs when nothing is there? So you think When the water won't cut the flame And the anger drives you insane Tell me how does it look from behind your walls of pain?  Tell me how do I reach you when all I see is a stare? How do you look for the signs when nothing is there? So you think When you just can't take anymore And the last lights fade from the shore Tell me how does it look from behind your walls of pain?  I've been thinking Spend my time worrying About the way you don't seem the same Hoping, waiting For back to how you were again There's gotta be something I can say  When the faces all look the same And the angels cry out your name Tell me how does it look from behind your walls of pain?  I've been thinking Spend my time worrying About the way you don't seem the same Hoping, waiting For back to how you were again There's gotta be something I can say  Tell me how do I reach you when all I see is a stare? How do you look for the signs when nothing is there? So you think But I'm stepping out on the ledge So before you go over the edge Tell me how does it look from behind your walls of pain?                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Limp Bizkit - "Take A Look Around" "Mr. Durst?"
"Yeah?"
"We need your help. Pulling into the diner about now should be four top-secret agents. One of them is carrying a briefcase. Your mission is to obtain the disc from the briefcase....  Goldfinger - "Superman" So here I am
doing everything I can
holding on to what I am
pretending I'm a superman

I'm trying to keep
the ground on my feet
it seems the world's
falling down around me

The nights are al...  Ramones - "Pet Sematary" Under the arc of a weather stain boards
Ancient goblins, and warlords
Come out of the ground, not making a sound
The smell of death is all around
And the night when the cold wind blows
No one cares, n...  The Hives - "Hate To Say I Told You So" Do what I want cause I can and if I don't
because I wanna be ignored by the stiff and the bored
because I'm gonna.
Spit and retrieve cause I give and receive
because I wanna gonna get through your...  Nirvana - "Lithium" I'm so happy, 'cause today I've found my friends
They're in my head
I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you
We've broke our mirrors
Sunday morning, is every day for all I care
And I'm not scared
L...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Army Of One" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Army Of One"    And the world keeps on turning As we all come undone While the lost keep on searching I'm the army of one  We are one but I don't belong It's hard to feel love, when you've been wronged But I keep on pushing on toward that light The daylight's gone, and I am night  Feel that blow with a stinging pain It's always your eyes, that give it away If I'm staring down the barrel of a loaded gun Then I'll spit in your eye, cause I'm the army of one  And the world keeps on turning As we all come undone While the lost keep on searching I'm the army of one  We are one with blood and rage It's hard to feel hope when you're filled with pain But we keep on running on through the night Resisting despair with all our might  Carry on, even when you cannot cope Survival is digging in against all hope For me, I'll never give up till the day I'm done Cause I'm burning alive, I'm the army of one  And the world keeps on turning And we all die alone Broken hearts keep on searching I'm the army of one  And the world keeps on turning As we all come undone While the lost keep on searching I'm the army of one I'm the army of one I'm the army of one                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Puddle Of Mudd - "She Hates Me" Met a girl, thought she was grand
fell in love, found out first hand
went well for a week or two
then it all came unglued

In a trap, trip I can't grip
never thought I'd be the one who'd slip
t...  CKY - "96 Quite Bitter Beings" With my perceptions in a mix
Down twenty miles through the sticks
To the cloudy town of Hellview: Population 96

Excessive vacancy, well maybe
In the shadow of an eye
All the strangers passing through...  Green Day - "Jesus Of Suburbia" I'm the son of rage and love
The Jesus of Suburbia
From the bible of none of the above
On a steady diet of
Soda pop and Ritalin
No one ever died for my sins in hell
As far as I can tell
At least the ...  Metallica - "Whiskey In The Jar" As I was goin' over the Cork and Kerry mountains
I saw Captain Farrell and his money he was countin'
I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier
I said stand and deliver or the devil he may...  Rise Against - "I Don't Want To Be Here Anymore" On pins and needles we are waiting for the fall
We count the days scratching lines on the wall
Wait in the wings at someone’s beck and call

No longer recognize the place that I call home
No longer re...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Breaking These Bones" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Breaking These Bones"    Lights out and pull the shades Look back on better days Alone now with this pain that's burning No one feels like me  I blacken all the walls I'm blocking all the calls Once here but now you're gone It's hurting, and so  Here in my room Dark as my soul Tears are the weight Breaking these bones  Lockdown and close the door I've heard it all before That time can heal our wounds If only I could turn back time  I'm reaching far behind Without you I am blind Once here but now you're gone It's hurting, and so  Here in my room My bed is my throne Grief is the weight Breaking these bones  Here in my room Dark as my soul Tears are the weight Breaking these bones Breaking these bones                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Foo Fighters - "Monkey Wrench" What have we done with innocence?
It disappeared with time, it never made much sense
Adolescent resident
Wasting another night on planning my revenge

One in ten
One in ten
One in ten

Don't want to b...  Andrew W.K. - "Party Hard" When it's time to party we will party hard

You,
You work all night (all night)
And when you work you don't feel all right
And when,
When things stop feeling all right (all right)
And everything is al...  Sum 41 - "Over My Head (Better Off Dead)" What happened to you?
You played the victim for so long now in this game
What I thought was true
Is made of fiction and I'm following the same
But if I try to make sense of this mess I'm in
I'm not su...  +44 - "When Your Heart Stops Beating" Turn it up I never wanna go home
I only wanna be part of your breakdown
She got caught by the four on the floor
It picked her up and she'll never get let down

And now I can't stop thinking about...  Good Charlotte - "The River" As I walk through the valley
Of the shadow of L.A.
The footsteps that were next to me
Have gone their separate ways

I've seen enough now to know that beautiful things
Don't always stay that way
I've ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Coming For You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Coming For You"    Time to go and get our kicks Dropping out and getting in the mix now Here in the backroom, nothing to do We're not bored, we're just sick of you, yeah Yeah, sick of you  Break down, take down, now it's on Sold out, blow out, Donkey Kong Well, no! Hell, no! What you gonna do When they keep coming for you  See the shadows marching on Yesterday's dreams are dead and gone Dead and gone Hear the cheering up above Down below is push and shove Yeah push and shove  Break down, take down, now it's on Sold out, blow out, Donkey Kong Well, no! Hell, no! What you gonna do When they keep coming for you  Bet some, get some, knock you down Low-down, show down, kiss that ground Well, no! Hell, no! What you gonna do Lights out, permanent snooze, they'll be coming for you  What's up, fuck you up Break down, take down, now it's on Sold out, blow out, Donkey Kong Well, no! Hell, no! What you gonna do They just keep coming for you  Bet some, get some, knock you down Low-down, show down, kiss that ground Well, no! Hell, no! What you gonna do Lights out, permanent snooze, they'll be coming for you  They'll be coming for you They'll be coming for you                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Máté Szirovicza, arcturus for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Tenacious D - "Tribute" This is the greatest and best song in the world.
Tribute.

Long time ago me and my brother Kyle here:
We was hitchhikin' down a long and lonesome road.
All of a sudden, there shined a shiny demon in t...  Disturbed - "Down With The Sickness" Can you feel that?
Ah, shit

Drowning deep in my sea of loathing
Broken your servant I kneel
(Will you give in to me?)
It seems what's left of my human side
Is slowly changing in me
(Will you give in ...  Jet - "Are You Gonna Be My Girl" Go!

So 1, 2, 3
Take my hand and come with me
Because you look so fine
And I really wanna make you mine

I say you look so fine
That I really wanna make you mine

4, 5, 6 c'mon and get your kicks
Now ...  Papa Roach - "Scars" I tear my heart open, I sew myself shut
My weakness is that I care too much
And my scars remind me that the past is real
I tear my heart open just to feel

Drunk and I'm feeling down
And I just wanna ...  Shinedown - "Enemies" Listen up, there's not a moment to spare
It's quite a drop from the top. So how you feeling down there?
It’s a cold, cruel, harsh reality
Got stuck here with your enemies

Who do you think you are,
Te...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "We Never Have Sex Anymore" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "We Never Have Sex Anymore"    We never have sex anymore We never roll around on the floor Like we did So long ago  You never yell at me anymore You never want to even the score Like you did So long ago  But you're still with me, so I guess I'm not complaining And you always leave my dinner on the stove  Baby, please! If you won't love me, will you hate me? If you won't violate me Will you at least just aggravate me? Baby, please! (We never have sex anymore) It feels like war under the covers One way or the other's what I say Hey hey hey  We never have sex anymore We never make love till we're sore Like we did So long ago  We never have emotional strife You never even threaten my life Like you did So long ago  But you're still with me, so I guess I'm not complaining And you let me drive your car when you're not home  Baby, please! If you won't love me will you hate me? If you won't violate me Will you at least just aggravate me? Baby, please! (We never have sex anymore) It feels like war under the covers One way or the other's what I say Hey hey hey  We used to do it constantly We used to have a ball We used to do it everywhere, now We never do it at all  Baby, please! If you won't love me will you hate me? If you won't violate me Will you at least just aggravate me? Baby, please! (We never have sex anymore) It feels like war under the covers One way or the other's what I say Hey hey hey  We never have sex anymore We never have sex anymore We never have sex anymore We never have sex anymore                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Between Angels And Insects" There's no money, there's no possessions
Only obsession, I don't need that shit
Take my money, take my obsession

I just want to be heard, loud and clear are my words
Comin' from within, man, tell 'em...  Puddle Of Mudd - "She Hates Me" Met a girl, thought she was grand
fell in love, found out first hand
went well for a week or two
then it all came unglued

In a trap, trip I can't grip
never thought I'd be the one who'd slip
t...  Yellowcard - "Breathing" Eyes are feeling heavy but they never seem to close
The fan blades on the ceiling spin but the air is never cold
And even though you are next to me I still feel so alone
I just can't give you anyth...  Rise Against - "Injection" Do you spend your days counting the hours you're awake?
And when night covers the sky you find yourself doing the same
There's a burden you've been bearing in spite of all your prayers
There's a li...  Against Me! - "White People For Peace" East and West could not agree
So their generals gave a call and gathered troops at the border
With guns ready, drawn and aimed
each side was praying to a God 
to bless them with strength and coura...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "The Opioid Diaries" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "The Opioid Diaries"    Their end of days looks more like tomorrow Their end of days started with a pill  But they're not junkies like the news guy said They're just kids who've gotten over their heads Big Pharma hooked them in the first place And it won't stop  Come on Sean, you're on drugs You're gonna run out of luck You could still find your way, you know It won't get better  Come on home while you can I know I don't understand You could still find your way, you know It won't get better  When those pills are gone, what's gonna happen? When those pills are gone, what drug is next?  We've made a nation full of kids on dope They're looking down now at the end of their rope So now who's gonna come and fix this Cause it won't stop  Come on don't tie it off Be your undoer of knots You could still find your way, you know It won't get better  Come on home while you can I know I don't understand You could still find your way, you know It won't get better  It won't get better It won't get better It won't get better It won't get better  Now we've made a nation full of kids on dope They're looking down now at the end of their rope So now who's gonna come and fix this Cause it won't stop now Yeah!  Cause they're not junkies like the news guy said They're just kids who've gotten over their heads Big Pharma hooked them in the first place And it won't stop  Come on Sean, you're on drugs You're gonna run out of luck You could still find your way, you know It won't get better  Come on home while you can I know I don't understand You could still find your way, you know It will get better                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Papa Roach - "Between Angels And Insects" There's no money, there's no possessions
Only obsession, I don't need that shit
Take my money, take my obsession

I just want to be heard, loud and clear are my words
Comin' from within, man, tell 'em...  P.O.D. - "Boom" I never knew that a kid like me 
Could take his mic around the world and flash the big S.D. 
And rock the masses, from Madrid to Calabassas 
Tijuana, Mexico, bootleg demos in Tokyo 
They know me thoug...  Yellowcard - "Breathing" Eyes are feeling heavy but they never seem to close
The fan blades on the ceiling spin but the air is never cold
And even though you are next to me I still feel so alone
I just can't give you anyth...  Zebrahead - "Falling Apart" Stutter step through another trap set by deception
Mention rejection
Always lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
lies in your eyes
Settles in your action
Jeopardize everything that I want
And I wo...  Scars On Broadway - "They Say" I walked the line, the line I choose, 
I see the people in front of me 
I climbed the wall, the wall of news, 
I watched them show the tragedy. 

If you were me, could you defend 
the given righ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hassan Chop" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hassan Chop"    Hassan Chop  Shit hits the fan when Apache meets the Blade Caliphate destruction it's a war that must be waged Heads are gonna roll when the tire treads stop These crimes they will be paid for, said Hassan Chop  Killing so others will be saved The real God he favors us today The suffering is never gonna stop As long as the breath of Hassan Chop  Swords gleam in the desert, the snipers are in line Corsairs in the crosshairs, they gladly give their lives Innocents are scattered like Bedouin in the sand In this fight for God in a God forsaken land  We kill so others will behave We'll lead this modern day crusade 'Deliverance' is never going away As long as the will of the USA  Caliphate destruction it's a war that must be waged Caliphate destruction it's a war that must be waged  Possession of the sword well it passes down the line From dictator to liberator to freedom fighter fine The game is always changing, the result is still the same Because our God is righteous, and yours the one to blame  Killing so others will be saved The real God he favors us today This suffering, will it ever stop? As long as the breath of Hassan Chop                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Goldfinger - "Superman" So here I am
doing everything I can
holding on to what I am
pretending I'm a superman

I'm trying to keep
the ground on my feet
it seems the world's
falling down around me

The nights are al...  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  Smashing Pumpkins - "Bullet With Butterfly Wings" The world is a vampire, sent to drain
Secret destroyers, hold you up to the flames
And what do I get, for my pain?
Betrayed desires, and a piece of the game

Even though I know - I suppose I'll show
A...  Static-X - "The Only" I'm winning, you're losing
I'm falling your agony
Lower than lower, before
Your forgotten memory

My heaven, your hell
I'm killing your fantasy
More and more, you follow
Your divorced reality

You're ...  Velvet Revolver - "Slither" Hey Hey Hey

When you look you see right through me
Cut the rope, fell to my knees
Born and broken every single time

Always keep me under finger
That's the spot where you run to me
Might see ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Gone Away" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Gone Away"    Maybe in another life I could find you there Pulled away before your time I can't deal it's so unfair  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it feels Yeah it feels like The world has grown cold Now that you've gone away  Leaving flowers on your grave Show that I still care Black roses and Hail Marys Can't bring back what's taken from me  I reach to the sky And call out your name And if I could trade I would  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it stings Yeah it stings now The world is so cold Now that you've gone away Gone away Gone away  I'd save your soul  I reach to the sky And call out your name Oh, please, let me trade I would  And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it feels Yeah it feels like The world has grown cold Now that you've gone away Gone away Gone away                  Submit Corrections   Thanks to Grace for correcting these lyrics.       Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Ixnay On The Hombre" (1997)  Disclaimer  The Meaning Of Life  Mota  Me And My Old Lady  Cool To Hate  Leave It Behind  Gone Away  I Choose  Intermission  All I Want  Way Down The Line  Don't Pick It Up  Amazed  Change The World  Cocktail (Hidden Track)    album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Stone Temple Pilots - "Vasoline" One time a thing occurred to me
What's real, and what's for sale?
Blew a kiss and tried to take it home

Isn't you, isn't me
Search for things that you can't see
Going blind, out of reach
Somewhere in...  Foo Fighters - "Monkey Wrench" What have we done with innocence?
It disappeared with time, it never made much sense
Adolescent resident
Wasting another night on planning my revenge

One in ten
One in ten
One in ten

Don't want to b...  P.O.D. - "Youth Of The Nation" Last day of the rest of my life
I wish I would've known
'Cause I didn't kiss my mama goodbye

I didn't tell her that I loved her and how much I cared
Or thank my pops for all the talks
And all the wis...  Beastie Boys - "Sabotage" I can't stand it I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
Because your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonde...  Bad Religion - "21st Century (Digital Boy)" I can't believe it: the way you look sometimes
Like a trampled flag on a city street, oh yeah
And I don't want it: the things you're offering me
Symbolized bar code, quick ID, oh yeah

'Cause I'm a 21...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Lullaby" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Lullaby"    Don't be thinkin' we're crazy, crazy Don't be thinkin' we're crazy, crazy  Oh, baby, let the bad times roll Don't be thinkin' we're crazy  Oh, baby, let the bad times roll Don't be thinkin' we're crazy, crazy  Oh, baby, let the bad times roll Crazy, crazy  Oh, baby, let the bad times roll Crazy, crazy                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Dexter Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics     album: "Let The Bad Times Roll" (2021)  This Is Not Utopia  Let The Bad Times Roll  Behind Your Walls  Army Of One  Breaking These Bones  Coming For You  We Never Have Sex Anymore  The Opioid Diaries  Hassan Chop  Gone Away  Lullaby     You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "Dammit" It's alright 
to tell me 
what you think 
about me
I won't try 
to argue 
or hold it 
against you
I know that 
you're leaving 
you must have 
your reasons
The season 
is calling 
and your pictures 
ar...  Sugar Ray - "Mean Machine" The only good thing that's creeping in this city
Elvis had a '55, this one is mine
Japanese cars, man, such a pity
A.M. radio suits me fine

Mean machine
Mean machine
(My pappy said, "Son, you're gonn...  Pearl Jam - "Alive" "Son," she said, "have I got a little story for you
What you thought was your daddy was nothing but a
While you were sitting home alone at age thirteen
Your real daddy was dying
Sorry you didn't see h...  Rise Against - "I Don't Want To Be Here Anymore" On pins and needles we are waiting for the fall
We count the days scratching lines on the wall
Wait in the wings at someone’s beck and call

No longer recognize the place that I call home
No longer re...  Sum 41 - "Out For Blood" Zero chances, no way out
No solutions, give in now
(There's no point resisting, there's nobody listening)
Are we just sick? Are we just tired?
Apathetic, uninspired
(What's to believe in, there's nobo...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "52 Grrls" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "52 Grrls"    Shelly , Jane, Laura, Stacey See them on the beachOr in New York City Jennifer and Cyndee And Sascha and Marvin Can you name, name, name, name them today Can you name, name, name, name them today  Chelsea and Gloria and Wendy and Glenda These are the girls of the USA The principal girls of the USA  Can you name, name, name, name them today Can you name, name, name, name them today  Oh Rose, Rose and Denise And Michelle and Randi, Kamala and Roma Cynthia and Lisa, Tammi and Virginia And Stephanie and Jamie-O  These are the girls of the USA The principal girls of the USA  Can you name, name, name, name them today Can you name, name, name, name them today                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "80 Times" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "80 Times"    80 times was all it took for him he has no more tries No one seems to care too much for him You can see it in his eyes  Drive down the street that he's on Don't look his way You keep going on and on and on But you can't hear him say  Help Help Help Me Help Help                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ronald Louis Emory, Michael Paul Roche, Jack Lloyd Grisham, Todd Barnes       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Sum 41 - "Fat Lip" Storming through the party like my name was El Niño
When I'm hangin' out drinking in the back of an El Camino
As a kid, was a skid, and no one knew me by name
Trashed my own house party 'cause nobody ...  Bad Religion - "Infected" Now here I go,
Hope I don't break down,
I won't take anything, I don't need anything,
Don't want to exist, I can't persist,
Please stop before I do it again,
Just talk about nothing, let's talk a...  Nirvana - "Come As You Are" Come as you are, as you were
As I want you to be
As a friend, as a friend
As a known enemy

Take your time, hurry up
Choice is yours, don't be late
Take a rest as a friend
As an old

Memoria, memoria
...  Guttermouth - "Encyclopedia Brown" Complimentary
Is an homage I won't pay
Mediocracy
Is the mantra of our time
Nihilism
Instability within
We won't be pacified
We brake to olive branch sick cow
Infallibility
Sardonic to the end
Delusio...  No Fun At All - "No Fun Intended" Sensation time again
Prepare for jubilation
You hear that distant roar
Like chaos in formation

Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hear me talk in excess
Hear m...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Autonomy" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Autonomy"    It's a thing that's worth having Yes I would Buys you your life sir If it could I, I want you Autonomy It leaves us all wondering And it should This awkward something For the good  I, I want you Autonomy  Yes, I, I want you Autonomy                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Steve Diggle       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Green Day - "Hitchin' A Ride" Hey mister, where you headed?
Are you in a hurry?
I need a lift to happy hour.
Say oh no.
Do you brake for distilled spirits?
I need a break as well.
The well that inebriates the guilt.
1, 2. 1, 2, 3,...  Billy Talent - "Red Flag" Cast off the crutch that kills the pain
The Red Flag waving never meant the same
The kids of tomorrow don't need today
When they live in the sins of yesterday

Cast off the crutch that kills the pain
...  Disturbed - "This Venom" I see the day that passes by
I develop a new way to hate you
It slowly beckons a love inside
Now I can barely even stand the sight of you
We keep pretending there's nothing wrong
Playing parts in the ...  Hollywood Undead - "Bloody Nose" Fist raised, you could cause a reaction
Ain't nobody gonna fuck with me (fuck with me)
I can tell by the way that you're acting
And we could both agree

I never felt so low
But I love the way I look, ...  Foo Fighters - "Waiting On A War" I've been waiting on a war since I was young
Since I was a little boy with a toy gun
Never really wanted to be number one
Just wanted to love everyone

Is there more to this than that?
Is there more t...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Baghdad" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Baghdad"    In your plane in the blue sky You roam again Words that echo in your mind Make your heart beat faster This is no Vietnam We will win in Iraq  The President said let it ride, ride Islam be damned Make your last stand In Baghdad  Warrior, the time bombs About to go What will you feel Will you even wonder If the man that's in your sights Ever kissed his girl goodbye  The Captain said kill or die, die Islam be damned Make your last stand In Baghdad  Great Satan Great Satan Great Satan (Our flags of burning) Great Satan (Our flags of burning) Great Satan (Our flags of burning) Great Satan (Our flags will burn)  Soon America may find Its young men in the sand Where there casualty Is just a number In Iraq  The President said let it ride, ride You will be damned Make your last stand In Baghdad In Baghdad In Baghdad                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Bloodstains" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Bloodstains"    They can make things worse for me Sometimes I'd rather die They can tell me lots of things But I can't see eye to eye Well, I know they know the way i think I know they always will But someday I'm gonna change my mind Sometimes I'd rather kill  Bloodstains - Speed kills Fast cars - Cheap thrills Rich girls - Fine wine I've lost my sense... I've lost control... I've lost my mind  Things seem so much different now The scene has died away I haven't got a steady job And I've got no place to stay Well, it's a futuristic modern world But things aren't what they seem Someday you'd better wake up From this stupid fantasy                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Michael Palm       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Can't Repeat" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Can't Repeat"    I woke the other day And saw my world has changed The past is over but tomorrow‘s wishful thinking I can‘t hold onto what‘s been done I can‘t grab onto what‘s to come And I‘m just wishing I could stop, but  Life goes on Come of age Can‘t hold on Turn the page  Time rolls on Wipe these eyes Yesterday laughs Tomorrow cries  Memories are bittersweet The good times we can‘t repeat Those days are gone and we can never get them back Now we must move ahead Despite our fear and dread We‘re all just wishing we could stop, but  Life goes on Come of age Can‘t hold on Turn the page  Time rolls on Wipe your eyes Yesterday laughs Tomorrow cries  With all our joys and fears Wrapped in forgotten years The past is laughing as today just slips away Time tears down what we‘ve made And sets another stage And I‘m just wishing we could stop  Life goes on Come of age Can‘t hold on Turn the page  Time rolls on Wipe these eyes Yesterday laughs Tomorrow cries                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Blink-182 - "I Miss You" Hello there,
The angel from my nightmare,
The shadow in the background of the morgue.
The unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.
We can live like Jack and Sally
If we want.

Where you can alwa...  The Presidents Of The United States Of America - "Peaches" Movin' to the country,
Gonna eat a lot of peaches
I'm movin' to the country,
I'm gonna eat me a lot of peaches
Movin' to the country,
Gonna eat a lot of peaches
Movin' to the country,
I'm gonna eat a ...  Papa Roach - "Scars" I tear my heart open, I sew myself shut
My weakness is that I care too much
And my scars remind me that the past is real
I tear my heart open just to feel

Drunk and I'm feeling down
And I just wanna ...  System Of A Down - "Lonely Day" Such a lonely day
And it's mine
The most loneliest day of my life

Such a lonely day
Should be banned
It's a day that I can't stand

The most loneliest day of my life
The most loneliest day of my life...  Rage Against The Machine - "Take The Power Back" Bring that shit in! Uggh!

Yeah, the movement's in motion with mass militant poetry
Now check this out...uggh!

In the right light, study becomes insight
But the system that dissed us
Teaches us to re...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)"  (originally by Darlene Love)    (Christmas) The snow's coming down (Christmas) I'm watching it fall (Christmas) Lots of people around (Christmas) Baby please come home  (Christmas) The church bells in town (Christmas) All ringing in sound (Christmas) Full of happy sounds (Christmas) Baby please come home  They're singing "Deck The Halls" It's not like Christmas at all 'Cause I remember when you were here And all the fun we had last year  (Christmas) Pretty lights on the tree (Christmas) I'm watching them shine (Christmas) You should be here with me (Christmas) Baby please come home  Baby please come home Oh baby please come home  They're singing "Deck The Halls" It's not like Christmas at all 'Cause I remember when you were here And all the fun we had last year  (Christmas) If there was a way (Christmas) I'd hold back this tear (Christmas) But it's Christmas day (Please) Please (Please) Please (Please) Please (Please) Please (Please) Please Baby please come home (Christmas) Baby please come home (Christmas) Baby please come home (Christmas) Baby please come home  Baby baby baby please come home Baby baby baby please come home Baby baby baby please come home Baby baby baby please come home Baby baby baby please come home Baby baby baby please come home...                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...  Tenacious D - "Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown)" Beelzeboss I am complete! Fuck! Yes you are fucked, shit out of luck
Now I'm complete and my cock you will suck
This world will be mine and you're first in line
You brought me the pick and now you sha...  MxPx - "Christmas Day" She waits and prays, because It's Almost Christmas Day
A little Faith, Can always go such a long way

There's something about the way you spend your Christmas
There's something about the way you care
...  Bush - "Heroes" I, I will be king
And you, you will be queen
Though nothing will drive them away
We can be heroes just for one day
We can be us just for one day

I, I wish you could swim
Like the dolphins, like dolph...  Bad Religion - "Emancipation Of The Mind" Walls of suspicion, spandrels of doubt
Spasms of uncertainty, a world all inside-out
Ubiquitous confusion, heads in the sand
Self-appointed experts making claims they can't defend
Or even understand

...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "D.U.I." lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "D.U.I."    Three in the morning and I gotta be someplace, I don't remember where friends try to make me stay, or call me a cab home, I grab my keys and a beer  Cops they took my licence away, got my car out of impound today I've been drunk since last saturday, better stay out of my way  I drink and drive Feel so alive Never take that dive Feel so alive Doing 95 I drink and drive Feel so alive I drink and drive  Early in the morning and the freeway's deserted, like its all mine I'm trying to set a new drunken speed record, but I can't drive a straight line Flashing lights, split the night I'm tossing bottles as I swerve to the right now I've slammed my face into the back of a big rig At least you'll never get me, you fucking pigs! Designate someone other than me, Im so drunk I can hardly see Another shot of jager and I turn the key, I got so many places to be  When Im on a binge, my friends all cringe They won't drive at night Cause way down on the freeway it's such a fright But I think I drive alright                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Millencolin - "No Cigar" Tell us where you're from, 
what you want to become. 
And we'll say if you're OK. 
Where did you go to school? 
Right answer and you're cool. 
Yeah, you're the kid the whole day. 

You get a st...  The Presidents Of The United States Of America - "Peaches" Movin' to the country,
Gonna eat a lot of peaches
I'm movin' to the country,
I'm gonna eat me a lot of peaches
Movin' to the country,
Gonna eat a lot of peaches
Movin' to the country,
I'm gonna eat a ...  Foo Fighters - "Best Of You" I've got another confession to make
I'm your fool
Everyone's got their chains to break
Holdin' you

Were you born to resist or be abused?
Is someone getting the best, the best, the best, the best of y...  The Living End - "Prisoner Of Society" (one, two) (one, two)
Well we don't need no one to tell us what to do
Oh yes we're on our own
And theres nothing you can do
So we don't need no one like you
To tell us what to do

We don't refer to th...  The Vandals - "Don't Stop Me Now" Tonight I'm gonna have myself a real good time
I feel alive
And the world turning inside out
I'm floating around in ecstasy

Don't stop me now
Don't stop me now
I'm having a good time, having a good t...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Defy You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Defy You"  (from "Orange County" soundtrack)    You may push me around But you cannot win You may throw me down But I'll rise again The more you say The more I defy you So get out of my face  You cannot stop us You cannot bring us down Never give up We go on and on You'll never break us Never bring us down We are alive!  The wind blows I'll lean into the wind My anger grows I'll use it to win The more you say The more I defy you So get out of my way  All my will All my strength Rip it out Start again  Can you leave it all behind? Can you leave it all behind? Cause you can't go back You can't go back                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Holland Bryan Keith, Holland Dexter       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  SR-71 - "Right Now" She clings to me like cellophane
Fake plastic submarine
Slowly driving me insane
But now that's over

So what if the sex was great
Just a temporary escape
Another thing I grew to hate
But now ...  Rancid - "Time Bomb" If you wanna make the move
Then you better come in
It's just the ability to reason
That wears so thin
Living and dying and the stories that are true
Secrets to a good life is knowing when you're ...  Godsmack - "I Stand Alone" Now I've told you this once before
You can't control me
If you try to take me down you're gonna break
Now I feel your every nothing that you're doing for me
I'm picking you outta me
you run away
I sta...  Audioslave - "Gasoline" House is haunted
I just want to go for a ride
Out and on
Before I set this room alight
Left alone forever and for crimes unclear
With my patience gone
Someone take me far from here. Yeah

Burning that...  Seether - "Nobody Praying For Me" I'm a whisper lost upon wind
I'm the ember that'll burn you down
I'm the water that'll drown you
I'm a star that's just a black hole now
I'm a terrifying danger
I'm a fruit decaying on the ground
I'm ...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Down" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Down"  (originally by 311)    Chill Light on my side as my ego becomes A funky child with some words on my tongue Be like intake of breath and my mouth gets loose So while I scatter my spit, I dream of juice Have you ever made out in dark hallways? Displayed a kiss that made the day? Or, say, play a track from your record collection It's your mix, congratulations  We changed a lot and then some, some Know that we have always been down, down If I ever didn't thank you, you Then just let me do it now  I bet you light up when we start the show Follow me now, very closely 'cause I told you so You know we glow because we throw sun rays Now we be freaky and we want to stay  We changed a lot and then some, some Know that we have always been down, down If I ever didn't thank you, you Then just let me do it now  Keep my feet on the ground Keep my head in the clouds Electrified by the sound It comes from the down, and  Lightning strikes, yo we be in that violent force of light Guaranteed to turn it out as bad as Dolemite Because we're dope, kid, change like the chameleon And the channel, whatever the whack show the "Real World" is on You know we dazzle like ghetto box boomin' battles Rattle inside your head, feel redeemed like Cola bottles Fall in love with your teachers, on the wax we are self made Check the technique, always in L.A.  We changed a lot and then some, some Know that we have always been down, down If I ever didn't thank you, you Then just let me do it now  Keep my feet on the ground Keep my head in the clouds Electrified by the sound It comes from the down, and  We changed a lot and then some, some Know that we have always been down, down If I ever didn't thank you, you Then just let me do it now  Then just let me do it now                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Psycho" Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy

Psycho, groupie, cocaine, crazy
Psycho, groupie, coke
Makes you high, makes you hide
Makes you really wanna go.
Stop

Psycho, groupie, ...  Blink-182 - "I Miss You" Hello there,
The angel from my nightmare,
The shadow in the background of the morgue.
The unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.
We can live like Jack and Sally
If we want.

Where you can alwa...  Foo Fighters - "Wheels" One, two, three, four

I know what you're thinking
We were going down
I can feel the sinking
But then I came around

And everyone I've loved before
Flashed before my eyes
And nothing mattered anymore
...  311 - "Self Esteem" I wrote her off for the tenth time today
And practiced all the things I would say
But she came over, I lost my nerve
I took her back and made her dessert

Now I know I'm being used
That's okay, becaus...  Papa Roach - "Renegade Music" It's dark outside, a world on fire that no one's safe from
It's life or death, so hold your breath or suffocate them
Provoking fears, with smoke and mirrors, the tension's rising
We waste our time, an...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hand Grenades" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hand Grenades"    Let's make hand grenades From common things around the house Let's make hand grenades Listen up, we'll show you how  ok now take an old beer bottle fill it up with gasoline some paint thinner for good measure and a sprinkle of maganese now stuff a sock into the top with a zippo you'll be king  Lets make hand grenades It's hours of fun in a little jar Let's make hand grenades Try one out on your neighbors car                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland, Chris Higgins, Kevin Wasserman       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Social Distortion - "Story Of My Life" High school seemed like such a blur,
I didn't have much interest in sports or school elections.
And in class I dreamed all day,
Of a rock 'n' roll weekend

And the girl in the front of the room,...  Pulley - "Gone" I don't plan anything, I'm trying to come home
Thoughts of you are always on my mind
A runaway from problems, my excuse when I am there
You roll over - once again I'm gone

It's old, it's plain to see...  The Vandals - "Let The Bad Times Roll" For all those that are feeling way too fed up inside
Now here's a celebration of failure and losing
Like to put a shout out to all y'all far and wide
Sorry people but this is the way it's gotta be

I ...  Strike Anywhere - "Spectacular" I ought to know I'm not so black and pretty
Too big, suspended two dimensional glory
In competition watch your suicide clothes:
Flat screen targets sweat shop fashion

My love
My love is bleeding out ...  System Of A Down - "Genocidal Humanoidz" Can
You
See
Us
Beating the devil
We never run from the devil
We never summoned the devil
We never hide from the devil

Beating the devil
We never run from the devil
We never summoned the devil
We neve...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hey Joe" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hey Joe"    Hey Joe, Where you goin' with that gun in your hand? Hey Joe, Where you goin' with that gun in your hand? Goin' down to shoot my old lady You know I caught her messing around with another man, Goin' down to shoot my old lady You know I caught her messing around on me,  Hey Joe, I heard that you shot your old lady down, Hey Joe, I heard that you shot your old lady down,  Yes I did, I shot her her You know, I caught that girl messing around town  Yes I did, I shot her her You know, I caught that girl messing around town I took out my gun, Then I shot her!  I shot her!  Hey Joe, Where you gonna run to now? Hey Joe, Where you gonna run to now? Where you gonna go?  Ain't no hangman gonna, Get a rope around me, Ain't no hangman gonna, Get a rope around me. (no one gonna)  Goin' way down south, Way down to Mexico way Goin' way down south, Way down where I can be free                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Billy Roberts       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Limp Bizkit - "Hot Dog" Ladies and gentlemen!
Introducing the Chocolate Starfish
And the Hotdog Flavored Water
Bring it on!
Get the fuck up!
Yeah, check, one, two
Listen up, listen up!
Here we go! (here we go!)

It's a fucke...  Foo Fighters - "All My Life" All my life I've been searching for something
Something never comes, never leads to nothing
Nothing satisfies, but I'm getting close
Closer to the prize at the end of the rope
All night long I dream o...  Pennywise - "Society" Society, We all know there's something wrong and we know it all along 
Sincerity, You may think there's no one else till they put you on a shelf 
Society, Pay your taxes stand in line help them plan...  Me First And The Gimme Gimmes - "Leaving On A Jet Plane" All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go,
I'm standing here outside the door,
I hate to wake you up to say good-bye.
But the dawn is breakin',
It's early morn,
The taxi's waitin'
He's blowin' his horn,...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Hopeless" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Hopeless"    Everything must regulate Maybe so, I need you!  Give me all the fixes the therapy, I'm needing more and more  Advertise and specialize, Just tell me what to do.  Confucious think you're up the shack, They got you where they really want to.  Well, life is structured, everything you own has been manufactured, you have no say, Your progress here is guaranteed.  (Hopeless!) Just let me out of this fucking world, this is (Hopeless!) Rot away in front your T.V., you're gonna be (Helpless!) Do anything for yourself, I'm trapped in your society!  You run your life, hey!, you're on a ride, Hey, it's just like Disneyland! You see the car, but you turn around, And it's all been safely planned.  Regeneration is the game; Your nation will endure, You freedom has been convienantly shacked, So show it some damn respect!  Well, life is structured, everything you own has been manufactured, you have no say, Your progress here is guaranteed.  (Hopeless!) Just let me out of this fucking world, this is (Hopeless!) Rot away in front your T.V., you're gonna be (Helpless!) Do anything for yourself, I'm trapped in your society.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Keith Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Huck It" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Huck It"    Hitting walls for a feet With our friends and we hear this free All the dogs, dropping bombs He see  HUCK IT You don't have the ties You won't have the eyes HUCK IT Cause you realize You don't need to justify That cable show is not the lives we know  Drop a bomb in the publics eye Fuck the Spartans they always lie You are pointing to go fast and GO  Broken bombs and baking skin Notify your next of kin You'll know you'll come alive some day  HUCK IT Now you feel alive, stinks like shit all the time HUCK IT Its like you gotta try risky shit, by the time  You can not practice lay it on the line  HUCK IT Now you're down in luck cause you dont give a fuck  HUCK IT And go by the time You go out doin what you know no talking shit just leave it all and go home  HUCK IT Now youll feel alive stinks like shit all the time  HUCK IT Like you gotta try risky shit by the time cant practice just lay it on the line  HUCK IT Now you're down in luck cause you dont give a fuck  HUCK IT And go by the time You go out doin what you know no talking shit just leave it all and go home                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  P.O.D. - "Boom" I never knew that a kid like me 
Could take his mic around the world and flash the big S.D. 
And rock the masses, from Madrid to Calabassas 
Tijuana, Mexico, bootleg demos in Tokyo 
They know me thoug...  Audioslave - "I Am The Highway" Pearls and swine bereft of me.
Long and weary my road has been.
I was lost in the cities, alone in the hills.
No sorrow or pity for leaving, I feel, yeah.

I am not your rolling wheels – I am the high...  Foo Fighters - "These Days" One of these days the ground will drop out from beneath your feet
One of these days your heart will stop and play its final beat
One of these days the clocks will stop and time won't mean a thing
One ...  Green Day - "Oh Yeah!" (Yeah I got it)

I'm in the crowd full of angels and demons
I'm looking out for the jingoes and heathens
Nobody move and nobody gonna get hurt
Reach for the sky with your face in the dirt

Everybody i...  The Mighty Mighty Bosstones - "The Final Parade" He let the merry go round
Way more than you ever should
He was there when they tore it all down
When nobody thought that they would
He let the musical cheers
Fade away and disappear
They went on for s...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "I Got A Right" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "I Got A Right"    Anytime I want I got a right to move No matter what they say Anytime I want I got a right to move No matter what they say I got a right, I got a right to move Anytime I want, anytime I got a right, I got a right to move Anytime I want Anytime I want I got a right to sing No matter what they say Anytime I want I got a right to sing No matter what they say I got a right, I got a right to sing Anytime I want I got a right, I got a right to sing Anytime I want                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Iggy Pop       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Bloodhound Gang - "The Bad Touch" Ha-Ha! Well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about

I'd appreciate your input

Swe...  Green Day - "21 Guns" Do you know what's worth fighting for
When it's not worth dying for?
Does it take your breath away
And you feel yourself suffocating
Does the pain weigh out the pride?
And you look for a place to hide...  Simple Plan - "Last One Standing" How many times are you gonna try to shut me out?
I told you once, told you twice, I ain't gonna turn back around
You can say whatever, try to mess with me
I don't care, I'm not scared
You don't have t...  Zebrahead - "Running With Wolves" Degenerate
Rock and Rolla
My right hand man
A pistola
Always on the take
Yeah take and let me go now
Wind em up
Wind em up
Hit em booya
Gonna shoot it straight
Jack no cola
Sticky grabbing hands
Bleed...  Face To Face - "Should Anything Go Wrong" In case of emergency
Break this glass
And pray the alarm makes a sound
The thought is killing me
I'm here on my own
you're nowhere left to be found I can't explain, these memories away
I'm not going t...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "I Wanna Be Sedated" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "I Wanna Be Sedated"    Twenty-twenty-twenty four hours to go I wanna be sedated Nothing to do Nowhere to go I Wanna be sedated Just get me to the airport And put me on a plane Hurry hurry hurry before I go insane I can't control my fingers I can't control my brain Oh no oh no Just put me in a wheelchair And get me to the show Hurry hurry hurry before I go loco I can't control my fingers I can't control my toes Oh no oh no                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Jeffrey Joey Ramone Hyman, Douglas Dee Dee Ramone Colvin, John Johnny Ramone Cummings       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Mission From God" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Mission From God"    Never knew where to go Never used to go to at night Thinking but I didn't know Never could seem to get it right But I've made up my mind Yeah I've made up my mind  I wanna feel important I wanna feel alive Don't talk to me Don't talk to you You know I'm lying You know the truth  Yeah, I'm on a Mission From God It sounds kinda crazy but I like it a lot I'm an answer to the man up above It's me he's speaking of Yeah, so I'm just a fortunate son? Everybody wants to be the chosen one I'm on a mission I'm on a mission from God  I went to Pensacola just to get an opinion A perfect California get it straight in my mind Take a new road, take a new direction Maybe going to get it right But I've made up my mind Yeah I've made up my mind I wanna feel important I wanna feel alive  Don't talk to me Don't talk to you You know I’m lying You know the truth  Yeah, I'm on a mission from God It sounds kinda crazy but I like it a lot I'm an answer to the man up above It's me he's speaking of Yeah, so I'm just a fortunate son? Everybody wants to be the chosen one I'm on a mission I'm on a mission from God  If I could save the world I might do it I just might do it Now it’s up to me So are you worth it? Are you really worth it? If I can save the world  Yeah I'm on a Mission From God Sounds kinda crazy but I like it a lot I'm an answer to the man up above It's me he's speaking of On a mission, on a mission, on a mission, a mission, a mission, mission, mission, mission Yeah I'm on a mission                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Bryan Holland       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Bad Religion - "American Jesus" I don't need to be a global citizen
Because I'm blessed by nationality
I'm a member of a growing populace
We enforce our popularity

There are things that seem to pull us under
And there are things th...  Rise Against - "Hero Of War" He said "Son, have you seen the world?
Well, what would you say if I said that you could?
Just carry this gun and you'll even get paid"
I said "That sounds pretty good"

Black leather boots
Spit-shine...  Social Distortion - "Mommy's Little Monster" Mommy's little monster dropped out of school,
Mommy's little monster broke all the rules.
He loves to go out drinking with the boys,
He loves to go out and make some noise.
He doesn't wanna be a d...  Stone Sour - "Song #3" If you take a step towards me
You will take my breath away
So I'll keep you close and keep my secret safe

No one else has ever loved me
No one else has ever tried
I never understood how much I could ...  Foo Fighters - "Run" Wake up
Run for your life with me
Wake up
Run for your life with me

In another perfect life
In another perfect light
We run
We run
We run

The rats are on parade
Another mad charade
What you gonna do...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Next To You" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Next To You"  (originally by Police)    I can't stand it for another day When you live so many miles away. Nothing here is gonna make me stay, (You) took me over, let me find a way.  I sold my house I sold my motor, too. All I want is to be Next To You. I'd rob a bank Maybe steal a plane. You took me over, Think I'm goin' insane.  What can I do, All I want is to be next to you. What can I do, All I want is to be next to you.  I've had a thousand girls or maybe more, But I've never felt like this before. But I just don't know what's come over me, You took me over, take a look at me.  What can I do, All I want is to be next to you. What can I do, All I want is to be next to you.  All I want is to be next to you, All I want is to be next to you, All I want is to be next to you.  So many times I used to give a sign Got this feeling, gonna lose my mind. When all it is is just a love affair. You took me over baby, take me there.  What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you What can I do All I want is to be next to you.                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Gordon Sumner       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Revenga" Poisoning a drink, Bleeding in a sink 
Choking with a link, Killing with a stink 
Just your mother's 
HO 
Bleeding in a sink, Poisoning a drink 
Burning up 
My sweet Clementine 

Trampling a s...  Green Day - "Boulevard Of Broken Dreams" I walk a lonely road
The only one that I have ever known
Don't know where it goes
But it's home to me and I walk alone

I walk this empty street
On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Where the city sleeps...  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...  Red Hot Chili Peppers - "Higher Ground" People
Keep on learnin'
Soldiers
Keep on warrin'
World,
Keep on turnin'
Cause it won't be too long.
Powers
Keep on lyin',
While your people
Keep on dyin'
World,
Keep on turnin',
Cause it won't be too ...  Iron Maiden - "Run To The Hills" White man came across the sea
He brought us pain and misery
He killed our tribes, he killed our creed
He took our game for his own need

We fought him hard, we fought him well
Out on the plains we gav...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "One Hundred Punks" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "One Hundred Punks"  (originally by Generation X)    They customized their gear and synchronized They flame out in the streets with flame in their eyes Guerrilla operator ain't heard of cool Check out any wall...one hundred punks rule One hundred punks rule!  A hundred punks run with London town Down "Wardour Street" to "Soho Sound" Don't sleep all day only when they fall down  A hundred rumble boys and tumble girls Protected by steel in a private world Tomorrow's famous faces advertise today And the studs on their back say One hundred punks rule....one hundred punks rule!  A hundred punks run the loaded gun They look so sharp they look like one If you ain't got the look you'll never be one  A hundred punks run with total suss A hundred good mates you know you can trust There's never no bother and there's no fuss Check out any wall...one hundred punks rule One hundred punks rule!  And Jimmy's number 101 knows one day he'll be one Watch him.....Watch him go!  A hundred punks run the leather army I know whose by my side not at home with TV Even when I'm down I hear them sing for me Check out any wall... one hundred punks rule One hundred punks rule!  Check out any wall... one hundred punks rule One hundred punks rule! And check out the walls... one hundred punks rule One hundred punks rule!... OK                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Billy Idol, Anthony Eric James       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Sharknado" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Sharknado"  (from "Sharknado 4" soundtrack)    Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado  Sharknado the ocean's monster Get out while you can Sharknado the ocean's monster It's nature's revenge upon man  'Cause it's bigger than big (big!) Taller than tall (tall!) Quicker than quick (quick!) Eating us all (all!) April and Finn just might save us all  Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado  Sharknado kills a whole lot Get out while you can Sharknado, what's worse? I know not It's nature's revenge upon man  'Cause it's bigger than big (big!) Taller than tall (tall!) Quicker than quick (quick!) Eating us all (all!) April and Finn just might save us all  Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado Sharknado, Sharknado Sharknado Sharknado Sharknado                  Submit Corrections            AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  Goldfinger - "99 Red Balloons" You and I in a little toy shop
buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got
Set them free at the break of dawn
'Til one by one, they were gone

Back at base, bugs in the software
Flash the message, ...  Green Day - "Longview" I sit around and watch the tube, but nothing's on
I change the channels for an hour or two
Twiddle my thumbs just for a bit
I'm sick of all the same old shit
In a house with unlocked doors
And I'm fuc...  Smashing Pumpkins - "Zero" My reflection, dirty mirror
There's no connection to myself
I'm your lover, I'm your zero
I'm the face in your dreams of glass
So save your prayers
For when we're really gonna need'em
Throw out ...  The Used - "Under Pressure" Pressure!

Pushing down on me
Pressing down on you no man ask for
Under pressure
That burns a building down
Splits a family in two
Puts people on streets

Bah bah dah bah bah dah
(Yeah) (Yeah)

That's...  Good Charlotte - "Lifestyles Of The Rich & Famous" Always see it on TV
Or read it in the magazines
Celebrities want sympathy
All they do is piss and moan
Inside the Rolling Stone
Talkin' about how hard life can be

I'd like to see them spend a week
Li...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Sin City" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Sin City"  (originally by AC/DC)    Diamonds and dust (home at last) Poor man last, rich man first Lamborghinis, caviar Dry martinis, Shangri-la I got a burning feeling Deep inside of me It's yearning But I'm going to set it free   [Chorus:] I'm going in to sin city I'm gonna win in sin city Where the lights are bright Do the town tonight I'm gonna win in sin city  (I'm gonna rule you baby)  Ladders and snakes Ladders give, snakes take Rich man, poor man, beggarman, thief Ain't got a hope in hell, that's my belief  Fingers Freddy, Diamond Jim They're getting ready, (Better get ready,) Look out I'm coming in ('cause I'm coming in) So spin that wheel, cut that pack And roll those loaded dice Bring on the dancing girls And put the champaign on ice                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Cydel Charles Young, Joseph Young, Che Smith, Teyana Taylor, Travis Scott, Thomas Brown, Erika Hamilton, Malik Yusef El Shaba Jones, Victoria Monet McCants       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  System Of A Down - "Suite-Pee" I had an out of body experience
The other day
Her name was Jesus
And for her everyone cried
Everyone cried
Everyone cried

Try her philosophy
Try her philosophy
Try her philosophy
Try
You die for her ...  Foo Fighters - "Times Like These" I, I'm a one way motorway
I'm the one that drives away, follows you back home
I, I'm a street light shining
I'm a white light blinding bright, burning off and on
Uh-huh

It's times like these you lear...  Beastie Boys - "Sabotage" I can't stand it I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
Because your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonde...  Stone Sour - "Absolute Zero" The bloody angle, the symmetry
Your cheap adhesive isn't holding me
My mouth is a gun I can shoot, I can show you the truth
And I don't need a reason to lie to you

No pun intended, no punishment
If I...  Airbourne - "Boneshaker" Keep looking at me
When I look in your eye
I wanna see your crazy side

So let's rock'n'roll
Baby that's my style
Like animals risky and wild

You be my boneshaker
I be you earthquacker
We both want i...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Smash It Up" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Smash It Up"  (originally by The Damned) (from "Batman Forever" soundtrack)    We've been playing now for much too long And never gonna dance to a different song I'm gonna scream and shout till my dying breath I'm gonna smash it up till there's nothing left Ooh smash it up Smash it up smash it up Ooh smash it up Smash it up smash it up  People call me weird, oh it's such a shame Maybe it's my clothes, must be to blame I don't even care if I look a mess Don't wanna be a sucker like all the rest  Smash it up And you can keep your crystal glasses Smash it up And you can see a very dead-way end Smash it up And you can stick a frothy lager Smash it up Up the fuck with your lesson  We've been playing now for much too long And never gonna dance to a different song I'm gonna scream and shout till my dying breath I'm gonna smash it up till there's nothing left  And everybody's smashing things down I said everybody's smashing things down                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Ward, Vanian, Scabies, Sensible       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics      You May Also Like  New Found Glory - "My Friends Over You" I'm drunk off your kiss
For another night in a row
This is becoming too routine for me
But I didn't mean to lead you on
And it's alright to pretend
That we still talk
It's just for show, isn't it?
It'...  Billy Talent - "Fallen Leaves" In a crooked little town, they were lost and never found
Fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves... on the ground

I hitched a ride, until the coast
To leave behind, all of my ghosts
Searchin...  Rage Against The Machine - "Wake Up" Come on!
Uggh!

Come on, although ya try to discredit
Ya still never edit
The needle, I'll thread it
Radically poetic
Standin' with the fury that they had in '66
And like E-Double I'm mad
Still knee-d...  Dropkick Murphys - "I'm Shipping Up To Boston" I'm a sailor peg
And I've lost my leg
Climbing up the top sails
I lost my leg!

I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping up to Boston whoa
I'm shipping off......  AFI - "Twisted Tongues" We watched the world
Turn itself backward
Now, in reverse
You spit out big words
Over a low sun
Undo the undone

You talk in twisted tongues
Of an absolving curse
You talk in twisted tongues
I whisper...       Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









                  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  #          Search                                          "Totalimmortal" lyrics   The Offspring Lyrics      "Totalimmortal"  (originally by AFI)    Hope unknown. Sometimes just waking is surreal. I walk right through the nameless ones. I know that hope's unknown. Sometimes the water feels so real. As I walk through it fills my lungs, my god, I'm drowning. This day never seems to end. This pain, never. This rage I can not let go.  I hear them calling. I feel them gnawing out holes through flawless souls.  So alone. Sometimes I swear that I can hear the taunting of the voiceless ones. I fear that I alone fear those ceased to feel they're alone inside of this place. I am the misplaced. Now every face, it looks familiar... then every face would melt away until.. now everyone, do you know, I know your deception                  Submit Corrections        Writer(s): Hunter Burgan, David Marchand, Jade Puget, Adam Carson       AZLyrics  O  The Offspring Lyrics         Search                    Submit Lyrics  Soundtracks  Facebook  Contact Us                   Advertise Here  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  DMCA Policy       Lyrics licensed by                 









